@@@LECTURE 10 :: Day 2 - Building Full-Stack AI Apps with React, FastAPI, and NextJS
Now, if you're thinking there's a lot of talking going on in this and you're wanting to get to action, never fear. We're about to get to action. Give me one more second. A couple more slides, particularly the front end. People are probably getting pretty bored at this point. But we'll get there. We'll get there. Uh, react a few words about what react is. It is, of course, this this kind of JavaScript front end framework that is component based. It's made of building blocks, the building blocks. Each block has kind of markup and styles and logic packaged together in such a way that you can assemble user interfaces by bringing together these different components. It's what's called declarative, which means the way that you write a piece of react is you just describe what your UI should look like given a particular state of the world, given a state of your of your, uh, of your information, this is how the UI should be represented. And the way react works behind the scenes is that it's every time any state changes, it's recalling your code to figure out what you now think the UI should look like. And it doesn't redraw the whole UI because that would look really clumsy on the screen, but it automatically looks at what's changed in the Dom before you change the state and afterwards. And then it only updates the parts of the UI that have changed. And that's really ingenious. In the old days, you had to write tons and tons of logic when something changed to try and figure out what on the UI had to be updated. And you don't need to do that anymore. You simply describe the whole screen and the react framework takes care. Every time something changes of figuring out what needs to be updated on your UI. And react has two concepts that you'll see come through when we use it quite a lot, and they're known as props and state props is short for properties, and this represents information about your user interface that gets passed down from higher level components down to the smaller components, and controls the way that they should present themselves. Those are called props properties. Don't worry if it sounds abstract. It will hopefully come together when you see examples and then state is exactly what it sounds like. That is representing the kind of information, the state, the status of the information that you're presenting to the user. Uh, and that's, that's something which your components are responsible for managing and react figures out how to redraw your screen as state changes JSX and TSX, uh, for JavaScript and TypeScript, are special types of document that are a kind of hybrid between HTML and between JavaScript and TypeScript. Jsts are their acronyms. Uh, and and when you'll see it, you'll see it's kind of curious. It's like a mixture of the two. There's some HTML in there and then suddenly some code in there. And it's just this really convenient format. Before this format existed, you had to have lots of basically lots of lots of JavaScript or TypeScript code that kind of forced in strings with with different bits of markup at various points. And it was very clumsy and JSX TSX are just nice, elegant ways of doing it. That makes your life easy. And you'll see we'll be using TypeScript TSX everywhere. And uh, you'll get you'll get very comfortable with it once you've seen it a thousand times. And then the other thing about the world of react is that it can't be stated enough. It's such a rich ecosystem. There are so many frameworks, react frameworks, react components that you can include and then just throw onto your screen, uh, it makes it just really easy to plug and play different components. And there are component libraries which are suites of components. Material UI is maybe the most famous. There's one called chakra that's becoming increasingly popular. These these are whole libraries full of different components that will work nicely together. And you can use to build a user interface very quickly indeed. All right. So now to complete the picture, let me tell you about Next.js, the application framework that's built on top of react. And it brings together a number of other frameworks so that you can just hit the ground running with react. And Next.js is actually built by vessel, the company behind the cloud AI deployment that we did yesterday and that we're going to do again today. Uh, and it's a Silicon Valley based, very developer centric company that came up with Next.js. And Next.js is great because it brings so much functionality out of the box. Good to go. It includes two different implementations of something called a router routing functionality. And this is the functionality that controls when a user clicks on different sections of your application. What what gets drawn routing around your application. The first of them is known as the pages router. And you can tell you're in this this world when you have a subdirectory called pages, and this is the simpler of the two approaches. It's the most trusted. It's very common indeed. The other one is called app router. And you can tell because you have a directory called app and it's the newer flavor, it's more powerful. It's also now recently become the recommended approach to use by Next.js themselves. Now for this course we're going to mix and match. We're going to start this week by using the pages router. Because one of the frameworks we're going to use for for authentication only supports the pages router, as I discovered, to my detriment, when I built it all with the router, I had to pull it all out. But but anyways, that's just one of those things. So that's an example. Pages router is more supported because it used to be the only one. Uh, so we'll start with that next week. We'll probably use router. So you've got some exposure to that as well. And then we might come back to pages router. We will see pages themselves can be rendered the the JavaScript can be converted into the final form, either in the browser on the client side, or it's becoming increasingly common to actually have JavaScript running on your server side and create the final web page on your server, and then serve that up to the client. There's there's tons of arguments for and against doing it that way. For this course, we're going to stick with the client side approach, which is the more traditional approach and is simpler and is going to fit better with what we're doing. But if you're interested, then do read up about server side. And Next.js includes a lot of tooling to do things. There's something called Transpiling, which is what it's called when you convert. We're going to be using TypeScript and writing with modern TypeScript. And not all browsers actually, browsers don't support that. And the way it actually works is that behind the scenes, Next.js will convert this advanced TypeScript into vanilla JavaScript, and that's what gets sent to the browser in an efficient way where it's all packed together. And that process is known as bundling. When all of your, your, your nice TypeScript gets turned into vanilla JavaScript and put into nice bundles. And you don't need to know about any of that. All you focus on is writing great TypeScript, and Next.js handles everything else for you. Now, I do imagine most of the people taking this course are familiar with backend development. Like me, I'm actually a backend type so that Java, the JavaScript frameworks might be somewhat new. I'm sure you've heard of them. All the Python backend frameworks you're probably very familiar with, but let me just place them out there. The three that you hear about a lot, Django is the most heavyweight of them. It's the one that is very much what people call batteries included, meaning that it comes with tons of functionality packaged in like an ORM, an object relational mapping that goes from your Python code to your database authentication stuff. Templating. It even has its own UI for admin. Then flask is the opposite. Extreme flask is known as a micro framework because it's super simple. It just deals with the basic like putting your API routes, handling the requests. It's really quick to get started with a flask app, but you do need to add things on. You need to pick and choose other frameworks to combine with it. And then somewhere in the middle between these two, but super popular at the moment for good reason is fast API. Fast API is modern. It uses a lot of async. Uh, it's built on very popular, uh, libraries, starlet and pedantic, which anyone's been on. The agent course knows pedantic only too well. A great framework for describing, uh, schema behind objects, and it's built into fast API. That's how you define your routes, and it's very much optimized for writing a server, which is all about servicing API endpoints and fast API is what we'll be using throughout this course. And it's incredibly popular these days. Okay. And then a final piece of admin before we get to our lab. And then the rest of today will be lab lab lab. But admin. Okay. So the repo situation, how I'm going to handle code for this course is a little bit more involved than previous courses for very good reason. So my previous courses there's been one repo for the course. And so you do a git clone and you get the repo. And that's what you use for the entire duration of the course. But it's not going to be that simple this time. There's basically going to be a different repo for every week of the course. Uh, and part of the reason for that is that since we're building production apps, I want you to get used to the whole process of setting up a repo for a project and building it from scratch, and one repo representing one application. There are also some more basic reasons that we're going to be using things like GitHub actions, which is how you have a repo be able to deploy itself to production when you do a git push or to development, then then you promote the production. And in order to do that, of course, we need to have the the one repo for deployment. And the pros amongst you will say, well you don't have to, you can have monorepos, you can do all sorts of clever stuff, but that would overcomplicate it and it's not what we want. So that's why I'm doing it this way. So for this week we're going to start. There's going to be one main repo called production. And the first step that we're going to go and do is git clone that repo. So you have a local copy on your disk of the repo. That's called production. And we're then going to go and build another repo for for today's course it contains a folder called week one which has instructions for each day. And that's what we used of course. Uh, yesterday when we when we looked at the day one, we went to this repo on GitHub and read those instructions. And today we're going to create a new repo from scratch. It's going to be called SaaS for software as a service, because we're going to build like a commercial app, which is eventually going to have subscription and, and authentication, all sorts of great stuff. It also has a guides folder with a bunch of self-study guides. And this is more important than ever, because there's going to be so much peripheral information. We're going to cover around things like Docker and front end and all the rest of it. There's going to be a lot of extra information for you to go and do some more research if you want, so please keep those guides to hand. I think they'll come in really handy. And it also has a community contributions folder, and I've been thrilled with the way people have contributed so much to the other courses. This one's a bit different. It's harder to to imagine how we do community contributions, when a lot of what we're going to be doing is going to be setting things up. And so what I'm going to suggest is that when you set things up, when you have something to share, which could be a troubleshooting tip, or it could be a whole repo that you've set up. You could write your own little markdown file with with your name in it, and with what you've done, and put that in community contributions, perhaps linking to your own repo, and then submit that as a PR to me. There'll be instructions in the guides. If this is this all is new language to you. Instructions on how to do a PR. Um, and I'm hoping that people will be able to, to submit contributions. It's just going to be like a page, a markdown page describing what they've done, linking to their repo or troubleshooting tip. And that way we'll be able to keep up this, this culture of community contributions coming into this repo, even in a slightly different setting of doing production projects. All right, that's enough of the admin stuff. It's time now for us to go to the lab and get get going with some coding. So roll up your sleeves and I will see you in cursor.

@@@LECTURE 11 :: Day 2 - Building Your First Full-Stack AI SaaS with NextJS and FastAPI
Oh, welcome to the lab for day two. I love the labs. So the first thing I've done is I've brought up a web browser and I have gone to github.com. GitHub.com. And this is where we've already been. But this is where we're going for this production repo, which is the repo for the whole course. We'll be making lots of specific ones. And you'll see a lot more than this, because I haven't pushed everything to GitHub yet. And if you're not sure about GitHub and git, there's a guide on that. Please do read the guide. It's important to have that foundational knowledge. So when you're here you go to the green code button. You click here and you choose Https for for. And you copy this to the clipboard. And this is copying a link to this repo into your clipboard. And then once you've done that open up cursor. You don't need to use cursor for this course. You can use any IDE that you like. Uh any if you use any other VS code clone. This is a fork of VS code. It's going to look really similar so you can use VS code itself. Cursor windsurf, anything like that. But also you can use PyCharm or whatever, whatever you like. Anyways, I'm just in the same instant project that we used last time. You can be in any project in cursor, and I'm going to open a terminal in which you can do by pressing Ctrl and then the Backtick button, and up comes a terminal that that toggles on and off the terminal. Like this. It's also worth knowing if you press Ctrl shift Backtick, you get a second new terminal that appears and there's like a stack of terminals over on the right here. So that's just something to to to keep in mind. I often do that. It's more useful to open a terminal. Now, right now we're in a directory called instant. And I want to go up one to to my project's directory which is right here. And you probably have a similar projects directory. If not you might want to create one. And again there's a guide that talks you through some, some of this sort of command prompt stuff. Um, and one thing to keep in mind is that your project's directory. It's best if that's not part of a cloud directory like OneDrive. If you're a windows person or iCloud, if you're a mac person, it's best not to have this be on your iCloud or OneDrive, not to have that in in your path. Um, for for this directory, because you don't actually want to replicate your projects up to the cloud because it's already replicated to GitHub. You don't want to do sort of multiple replications. And there are some other reasons too, but that's one of them. Uh, so it's not super critical, but better if you don't have your project's directory as a OneDrive or an iCloud subdirectory. Okay. So we're in projects, and what I'm now going to type is git clone. And then the name of the production repo. There it is. And I press enter. The first time you do this you might have to do some authentication stuff, but it should all come back here. And you've now cloned the repo and you can CD into it and to see that it's all there. There is the production repo, and I'm imagining you'll see a lot more, because I'll have built that out by the time you see it. And you're now the proud owner of a local repo, a local copy of the repo, and we're going to open that as a project. So within cursor, go to the file menu and choose New Window. And then you press the Open Project button. And you navigate within your project's directory to production. And then press open. Once you've once you've opened up a production. But because I've already done that actually, I will show you. Just so you see, you press open project, you go into projects and then you find the production folder. Look how many projects I've got hanging around from different things I've done here. Go into production and then you press open and at this point it opens it up as a new window. Like this. You've now opened the production project. Uh, and so on the left here is the explorer. If you don't see this file Explorer, then you can open that from the view menu. If you have an AI chat here, you can you can exit out so that it looks nice and clean. And there's a week one directory. You should have more directories too. Uh, I only just have the week one here. When I open up the week one directory, you'll see that there are different files for each day of the week of week one. You may remember that we've already looked at a couple of these online, and we're going to be starting today with day two. Now if I click on day two, I see this rather ugly format, which is the sort of raw markdown. So you have to remember to right click on it and say open preview. And when you do that, it should come up really nicely like this. And now we're seeing the proper markdown version of this page. It's just possible that you might have to install a cursor extension, a markdown extension that will prompt you, and you might have to install that. I don't think so, but if it does prompt you that you need to install an extension to see the preview, then then by all means do that. But I think this should just come up right away. I think that that's built in. So here it is. This is our instructions for day two. And it's quite enough chit chat. Let's get to it. Let's let's follow this recipe and build ourselves a SaaS AI application. So the plan of attack is that for today we're going to build our first front end back end application tomorrow in day three. We're going to juice it up quite a lot by adding in user authentication so users can sign into it and even subscription. And then in day four we're going to add in some proper business functionality. It's fairly simple. That will take it below the sort of toy that we're going to build today. Uh, and that will, that will complete by day for a business SaaS application deployed to Vercel and day five. We're then going to take all of that and deploy it to AWS. We're doing all of that in our first week. All right. So let's let's get into it. So we're going to build today a business idea generator. Uh pretty simplistic app that allows you to generate a new business idea using an LLM to do the generation generative text being what they're good at. And by all means you can change this to be doing something a bit different. Like if there's something else that you'd like to ask the LLM that it could generate, then then, then go for it. Twisting things around, making it your own is what this course is all about. So please do see the freedom to be changing this as you want. Uh, but first maybe get it to work as it is, and then. And then start playing with it. Okay, so we're going to be using a modern react frontend built with Next.js. We'll be using the pages router, not the app router. We'll be using TypeScript. It's going to be connecting to a fast API Python backend. We're going to be using streaming so that what comes back from the AI looks really nice as it appears. Uh, it's going to render nicely and it's going to be deployed to production. Okay. So here we go. Are you ready for this? The first thing we're going to do is is open up a new terminal, which I'm going to do like this. And now we're going to create a new project. So we're going to create a like a new repo. So we start by going back up a directory. So we're now in our projects directory. And the next thing we're going to do is run this command which is going to create a new application for us using uh create next app. And so uh, we'll, we'll uh, we'll do that in just a second. And just to check, you need to have installed node before we do this next step. Uh, and installing node was actually something we did on day one. So if you skip day one for some reason you missed installing node. And this isn't going to work unless you already have node. So you do need to install node js on your platform. And then you can run this command. Remember you should be in the projects directory your your directory that has all of your different projects in it. So this command is a node command create next app which means set up an entire application for me. You give it a name. We're calling it sass. Sass the word for software as a service. It means like a commercial application that users will pay subscription to have access to. Business users and that minus minus TypeScript. This is saying that we want the TypeScript variation, not the original JavaScript variation. Okay, so I run this and ask me some questions. First of all, which linter would you like a linter or something? Which which has some rules to check your coding to make sure that it's good. Uh, es lint is quite comprehensive, and we're going to pick that. Would you like to use tailwind CSS? I haven't talked about tailwind, but we will talk about it a lot. Tailwind is a fantastic framework of styling. It makes styling your pages incredibly easy. Much much easier than than than the old days. Uh, so yes, we'll definitely use tailwind. Would you like to put your code inside a source directory that makes the directory structure perhaps, uh, more detailed, better for really large projects, but we don't need that, so no to that. Would you like to use the app router recommended. Well, we'd love to use the app router, but it turns out that that won't work this week because it won't go with our authentication framework. So no, we're going to use the pages router. The original pages router. So we say no to that. Would you like to use turbo PAC which is something which which is a really fast packaging framework. We're not going to use it this time because because of something special we're going to do at the end. So so just say no. We're going to have a traditional approach. And would you like to customize the input alias? We'll say no to that too. And everything is being installed for us. And any second now it will be. I'll be able to congratulate you on being the proud owner of your own Next.js app. So that's already happened. It's been created at users projects for you. It'll be your projects directory and then sass. See how there's not not a OneDrive or an iCloud in there. We're just on the on the computer itself. Uh, and that's been created with a whole bunch of stuff. And the next thing to do is to go and open that in cursor, just like we just did for production, so that we're opening up a new window with this project.

@@@LECTURE 12 :: Day 2 - Building Your First FastAPI Backend for Production LLM Deployment
And so now I'm going to go in cursor to file and new window. And up it comes. And I go to open project I go into my projects directory. There is sass, I press open and here is our new Sass project. Let me make this bigger for you. Let's look at our pride and joy. Um, so we've got a directory called pages because we're using the pages router got a directory called Public Style and then a bunch of different, uh, configuration files. So these this is going to be our new home for the rest of this week. I'm going to start by bringing up a terminal like that with control and backtick. If you remember that I also closed down like an AI thing that was here. You can keep it and ask it questions as you wish. Now before we go on. So so we've got this other project, uh, called production, which I have running in another window, and that's got our recipe for what we're going to do today. And you can click between the two. But that might be a bit awkward. So I'm actually going to copy across all of the the files for the markdown files for the instructions for what we're going to do this week. You don't need to do this. You can just refer back to the other window. You can also just bring up a File Explorer, just a Windows Explorer or Mac Finder, and just copy in the folder as you wish. This is only for convenience, but I'm going to create a new folder. I'm going to call it week one. And here I'm going to do this. This is now like a mac command. And as I say you can just do this through the user interface. You don't need to do it through a command up a directory. Go to production and go to week one and take all those files and copy them into the week one folder that I've got right here. And that's happened. And now when I go here, you'll see that we've got all of these files. And I just do this for convenience so we don't have to flip between the two different windows. You can do this as you wish, but I'm now going to open the preview of day two. I'll close this screen here for now. And we are back here. We're still in step one, creating your Next.js project. Uh, but. And we've now just opened the project, and you can now see a little description of what we've got here. We have indeed got the, uh, the, the pages subdirectory, just as it's described here. And within this we have an underscore app dot TSX. Remember I said that the TSX these are the special files which kind of combine TypeScript and HTML into one type of file. And we've got a document TSX, uh, an index TSX. And then we've uh, we've got various other things. Okay. Uh, and there's also this API folder here with hello TS as well. But we are going to be removing this just as it tells you. All right. So as it says we're going to be using a Python backend. We're not going to be using next for our backend. Not going to be using a JavaScript backend. So this API folder, which is designed if you wanted next to be your backend, this is this is a waste of space. We want to get rid of this. So right click here and delete. And it's going to say are you sure you want to. And I say yes and off it goes. We've got rid of that file. Great. Then just just a bit of a more introduction on tailwind. Just because I didn't talk about it earlier. It is a CSS framework. In the old days we used to have to write lots of this styling. You get very good at writing styling, but it's a strange dark art getting styling right as your front end people know only too well. Um, but tailwind gives you this sort of canned set of styles that you can use with all sorts of of very easy to understand descriptions of what each one means. Here's some examples. You're going to get used to this. It's something to just just mimic, copy and paste the styles that you like. You're going to see how easy this makes styling. All right, onwards. Let's get to step two. So I should say the rest of this is going to be similar for all of weeks one and two. We're going to basically be following instructions and setting things up and pasting in code, which is a slightly weird. It's like the whole thing is environment set up because that's what production deployment is all about. It's basically set up. So you're going to get kind of used to this mode of working. Uh, but but you'll see what I mean. Now the first thing we want to do is we want to create a new folder called API. And you might say we just deleted a folder called API. We deleted a folder called API that was inside pages. Instead we're going to make a folder by right click in this area here and go new folder. It's going to be called API here. It's created at the top here. And it is a top level folder. It's a it's in the project root directory in sass called API. And within that uh sorry not not yet within that we're going to put things in there in a minute. First another top level file. And this one is going to be a file, not a folder. And it's called requirements dot txt which I need to spell properly. Requirements dot txt and you will know this well as being the file which lists Python packages that need to get pip installed automatically. Uh, and in fact you probably saw we've got three packages to take. We've got fast API, Uvicorn and open AI. There they are. We're installing the them um, and looking forward to using fast API. Okay. So within this API folder that I told you, I promised you we were going to populate it. We are now we're going to make a new file called index dot. And it needs to be called exactly index dot pi. There's many things in this set of instructions that need to be exactly as I say them. Or something is going to go bump, uh, and this is really one of them. So I'm going to take this copy it and I'm going to make a new file new file index dot pi. And just you see the way this file is in the API directory. If I click that swizzle there you'll see how it comes and goes. And I click here and I paste in this text. All right. So what is this doing. Okay. So this is fast API code. Uh and you start by by creating an app called uh instantiating a new object fast API. And this is the way in fast API you describe the different backend routes. When when something comes to you, uh, comes to to the web address that this app is running. If it goes to slash API, then this Python function is going to get called. And whatever this comes up with is going to be returned in the response. And we're describing it here. We're telling it it's going to be a plain text type of response okay. And so what is this function actually going to do. Well here comes some AI code. And side note this is going to be the only AI code we're going to do today. So so so milk this, enjoy some AI code. Everything else is about deployment. Uh, so we're going to this is going to be very familiar to everyone who's used OpenAI's API. We're going to create a new instance of the OpenAI Python client library again. So this is something which is a simple wrapper around making a web call itself. On the back end. We're going to have a prompt. It's going to be a user message. The content will be come up with a new business idea for AI agents. And this is going to be what our app is going to do to start with until they fall. And feel free to change this. As you wish. Uh, be creative. Come up with a more interesting thing than this if you wish, or come back and do it later. Remember this point. And then this is the only two familiar OpenAI API responses client completions dot create. We pass in the name of the model, we'll use the nano, the ultra cheap variant of GPT five. We pass in our prompt and we return response dot choices zero. Let me actually type this out. So I'm doing some work with response dot choices, zero dot message content, which is the way that we get back the response from OpenAI. Now if you're using if you don't want to use OpenAI, you don't perhaps like that $5 upfront payment. This will only this will cost such a tiny amount each call. But there is that $5 upfront. You can of course use any of the alternatives that are in the guides. Gemini at the moment has a free plan. I don't know if it still still will do when you when you hear this, but obviously Open Router has lots of free models and you can run, uh, things, uh, lots of different options in the guides. Uh, so this then is our back end route at slash API described in index dot pi. It makes a call to an LLM and it returns the results and the prompt it sends the LLM.

@@@LECTURE 13 :: Day 2 - Deploying Full-Stack AI Apps with Next.js Frontend and FastAPI Backend
So back in our instructions, we're now on step three creating your first page. So just a bit of description here about the pages router. Uh. So by default the different components that you write can run both on the server and on the client. But because we're not going to have a JavaScript server, our server is all Python fast API. So we have to have this this expression use client at the top of each of our pages page to make sure that it runs in the browser. Okay, so the first thing we're going to do is we're going to replace the default contents of the page index TSX, which is the first thing that gets served up when someone goes to our website. And it's going to be this enormous piece of code right here. So let me copy this and then I'll say a few words about it. It's not that enormous index dot TSX. This is the default page that says, you know, welcome to a new, uh, close that welcome to a new next app. So I press Ctrl A to copy everything and I delete it all. We can just select over it, delete it, and then I'm pasting in the code that we've got. So what does this do. It has use client at the top because we want it to be rendered all in the browser. It's going to to it's got it's got something called use effect right here which is a way of writing some code which should run, uh when, when necessary, whenever react thinks that this needs to run, which will happen when, when the page is first loaded. And basically this this code uses a next function called fetch, which means that the front end will make an API call to the server. And where will it look? It will look at this route here back slash API call slash API. And with what comes up it's going to set that as the idea, uh, which is a state a piece of state on the page. I realize I'm glossing over this, but but again, this isn't a course on front end development, so just get the general ideas because you'll be able to play with this. Or if you're not a front end person, you can use an LLM to rejig this as much as you want. They're great at this stuff. And what you see here is a bit of code that returns a web page. And this is where you see this this idea of TSX happening. This whole everything up to this point has been TypeScript. And suddenly we have return open brackets and then it's just suddenly fallen into HTML. It's weird the way the two sort of blend together. So this is this is now like HTML. It's got a heading. What you're seeing here is using tailwind CSS classes. So rather than writing a whole ton of styling, we're just using class names that describe what we want or the heading business idea generator. And then we just have the idea itself. And the magic of react is it's going to show something which will initially say the word loading. And then once that has been loaded from the back end, it will automatically update with the right business idea. Okay, if you're not following the detail here, it doesn't matter. I want you to get an idea that we've got a front end web page that's going to be served on the client, and it's written in this TSX language. And we'll see so many more of these over time that you're going to get you're going to get hardened to this. Okay. Time to go back to the instructions. We now just have to write this underscore app TSX file. So again just copy this go to app dot TSX select everything and paste in the new version. Just something that imports our styles and draws our app. And then back to the instructions again. Scroll down. And now finally we need to to rewrite this underscore document TSX which is the overall description of the page. Select that. And now I'm going to go to document TSX. Click here, select all delete paste in the new version. And here it is. This is the overall document with an HTML tag. Again see the way this is HTML like within TypeScript. It's got a title business idea generator a description. And then the body goes in here. Okay back to the instructions again. It's now time for us to configure the project. We're going to be deploying again to Vercel. You remember in day one we created a file called vessel JSON that described how we wanted Vercel to think about this page, what's the front end, what's the back end, and so on. We don't need to do it this time. And the reason is because we've used all of the defaults, we've used index.py, and we've used everything that Vercel knows to expect. It will automatically detect all of this and just. It's just gonna work, which is amazing. Uh, and so, uh, that's what we're gonna do next. We're now going to link this to Vercel so we can have a project in Vercel, and then we're going to deploy it, and we're going to use it, and it's going to be great. Okay. So first of all, bring up another terminal window. Here we have it. Uh, so hopefully we already installed the Vercel command line interface in day one. If you missed day one go and take day one. Uh, assuming you did, uh, you can now type Vercel link, which is a shortcut to saying I want to set up a project in vassal to match project I've got here, and connect the two together so that they are kept in sync. So I say vassal link and it says setup projects sass. And that seems like a good idea for us. Let me just make sure we're following our instructions. Setup and link. Yes, it now says which scope should contain your project. And you probably remember this from last time. Uh, this is just what it calls the the group of projects, and we just pick the default there. Link to existing project. The answer is no. We don't have an existing project for this. We want to create a new one. What's your project's name? Sass seems like a good name for this project. In which directory is your code located? It's right here and bam! It's done. Uh, okay. So, um, do we. It hasn't done. Do we want to modify these settings? Sorry. Uh, no, we don't want to modify these settings. Uh, do you want to change additional project settings? No. And it's linked now. I declare victory too early now. Bam! It's done. We've created the project and it is linked. Okay. Step six. We now have to add our OpenAI API key. We want to make sure that we can we can use OpenAI. And we did this before. So you'll probably remember this. But the way I'm going to do it is running this command vessel env add OpenAI API key and oh, it didn't paste nicely. If that ever happens to you, then don't do it that way. You may have to retype that particular command vessel env add OpenAI API key. And I know I said it before, but just say it again. It needs to be called exactly OpenAI API key, or it needs to be called whatever your model is expecting if you're using something else, if you make a mistake here, if you call it open API key or something like that, it ain't going to work and it's going to be really hard to find it. So be super careful with these keys. Uh, okay. And when I do this, it's going to ask me for the value. And this is where you will paste in exactly your key, uh, just as it is from the platform itself. And obviously I'm going to have to do that without you here. Otherwise you'll all see my key and you'll bankrupt me. So I'm going to go and do that. When you enter in your key, it's going to ask you which environments and you want to to select them all, which you can do by pressing the spacebar and down button repeatedly, or just the letter A fills in for all three environments and then enter to accept that. And I will see you right back here when I've done that myself. And assuming that you've done all of that, there's only one thing left to do which is to type vessel and then dot. And this is now I'm going to press enter to kick it off. This is now going to take this directory and ask for cell to deploy this as a new cloud AI app. And the cell will notice that we've got everything set up. Notice we've got a Next.js app. It's going to recognize everything here. It's going to see the API folder and Index.py. So it knows we have a fast API backend. It's going to see our requirements.txt. So it knows what we need to install to make that work. And it's going to do all of this. And with Vercel you have a couple of different environments that gets deployed to you have something called the preview, which is a place where where you can try things out before they go to production, and there's production itself. And because we're doing this for the first time with a new project, it's going to go straight to production. When we do this in subsequent times, it's going to put it on the preview first, and there's a separate command to deploy it to production. But this is going to be going straight to production. And it's building it at the moment. And it has deployed it to production. And the next thing we're going to do is open it up in production. Okay. So here we go. Drum roll please. Uh, the way you can do it quickly in from from cursor is you can press down on a mac. It's control and click. And I suspect on a PC it will be, uh, sorry on a mac, it's command and click. And I suspect on a PC it will be control. Uh, and then I press open and here we go. It opens something up, and it's a business idea generator. This is a fancy front end. It's showing loading, which you may remember, is what the state is set to before it's successfully loaded. With any luck, it is currently calling GPT five nano, which is coming up with a business idea and bam, here is a business idea. It's quite a substantive business idea. I'm not sure if it's any good or not. Uh, but there's a lot there with metrics to track and so on. The Nexus agent, an agent as a service platform that lets small, medium sized businesses deploy autonomous AI agent teams to run end to end business processes across their apps with governance, safety and explainability. Yeah, that seems seems like a great app. Seems like a good time for it. Uh, and uh, here's a very, very robust description of it. But most importantly, this is running in a front end, a Next.js app, and it's running in, in the browser. It's deployed to production. This is running as a production app on vessel with a front end and back end. And whilst it is quite simplistic, I will be the first to admit. The main point is that this is a foundation that we can use to build and build on top of, and we've done it all on day two.

@@@END_BATCH