@@@LECTURE 27 :: Day 5 - Migrating Your AI App from Vercel to AWS for Production Scale
Okay, continuing on day five for part three. Getting our application ready, we need to modify our SaaS application to deploy to AWS. Now look, if you quite like the vassal application, then you may want to take a backup of this SaaS folder and put it somewhere else. Because I realize we've not pushed this into GitHub or anything. This is just all just a directory. So. So you might want to copy this and call it SaaS Vassal or something. Just so you have that to hand, because we're about to destroy it as we prepare things to deploy to AWS. So our currently our project should look like this. We've got pages and API and styles and public. So what we're going to do first is make it so that our front end is is written as a static website. We're going to generate the final product that got served up before dynamically on demand. So we're going to uh, create a static export so that now it's pure client. It's just a set of HTML files generated HTML, JavaScript, and stylesheets generated from the Next.js app that we put together. Um, and so we are going to change this file next configure to include the fact that we want it to output an export. So I'm copying this I'm going to next configure. Here it is. And I am going to paste over this. You can see all it's done is it's put this in here which allows us to output this whole site as a static site that can be served up our front end part of it. Okay. Back we go. We've made that first change. All right. We're now going to update our front end calls. Now before we're used to with with the vessel we used to be be always posting to slash API. Now we need to change this. Now we're going to change this to be slash API slash consultation because we need to because we're going to have everything running on the same server. You'll see more in just a second. But what we have to basically do is find this line here which is in the file product TSX, and change it from that to this. We're basically adding slash consultation in into the fetch uh, call. So let's find this. It's in pages TSX. And if we look in here we should be able to find where it's making that call. It's going to be a bit higher. Bit higher. Here we go right here. Fetch events API. This is where it's calling. The front end is calling the back end right here. And we're making that slash API slash consultation. That's the second change I've saved that file. That is done. Okay, back we go. All right. Now we are now going to to make a new backend file called server. And it's basically going to be an alternative to what we have Index.py right now. And it's quite a bit chunkier. Let me do that for you right now and then we'll talk about it. Copy that. And now I go to API. There is Index.py. That's not going to get used anymore. We're going to make a new file. We could just rename that one. But we might as well keep keep that around for reference. We'll make a new file. We'll call it server.py. Here it is. And the contents will be this. Let's, let's take a dig into this to see what's going on. Okay. So some things are the same as before. We start by creating a fast API app. So far so good. We've got something interesting here called Cors middleware. And this is another of those stories. This is another of those rabbit holes we could go down to uh, is about the security setup. That means that only the right front end, uh, is allowed to call our back end, preventing other people from building websites that also call to our back end pretending to be our front end. And we've got something set up here, uh, that is designed to to make sure that we don't block our front end from calling us. And later we're going to put some more controls around this. So I'm not going to go into too much detail on Cors front end. People know this so well because cause errors. It's like the bane of a front end developers existence. Uh, but for others, you can just take this as it is and do some research if you'd like to know more. This is the same as before. The visit is the same as before. The AI stuff is the same as before. Not much changed there. Uh, as is the user prompt for this part. We've changed this route, so it's now slash API slash consultation. Uh, and the actual AI code is exactly the same as is our streaming response. This is all the same. Okay, this is something new. We've got a new route called Slash Health, which is a health check. And it's just going to return. Status is healthy as a JSON object. So that's just something else. And AWS is going to want us to have that. It's going to use this to check that things are going well. And then we've got something else here. And this is kind of interesting. I mentioned way back when we were talking about what backends can do that, that backends can service your APIs and can respond with different API routes with, with different things to do, but they can also serve up a whole static site. They can be your your provider of your web page. And that's what's happening here. If someone asks for slash for just the root, uh, the root URL of our, of our website, then this is going to serve up index.html from our static, uh, site that we are going to build. So this here is something which is allowing our back end to serve the entire front end that we will have generated as a static website. And it can serve that up to someone that hits this root. And if you're not following all of this, get a general flavor for it. Come back later. Play with this yourself. And in time I think this will come together. Some of you have probably seen this stuff before and know exactly what I mean. So that is the new contents of our server dot Pi, our back end serving an API, serving a health check, and also being able to serve a static website for our front end. Okay. Next is to create a dot EMV file which will have our secrets that we'll use for this deployment. And you can start by copying the EMV that you already set up, its mind ones right there that you're already set up for this project before. And it contains, I think, all four of these secrets at the top that you need the next public clerk publisher key, the clerk secret key, the clerk URL, and the OpenAI API key. But now you need to add in two more ones, which are the default AWS region. And now this should be the AWS region, which is closest to you that you want to use as your default. Now, I do believe that when you first signed in as your root account or your IAM account, that place I showed you, it shows the region should default to the one closest to you, but otherwise if you just google AWS regions, there's a AWS page which goes through all of the regions and which ones are closest to different locations. Uh, there's one. If you're in Europe, then I think EU West one, which I think is in Ireland, is a very common choice. There's many Asia Pacific ones. There's one in Mumbai that's that's very common I think as, as is very large. Um, and uh, there's on the West coast, of course, US West one and US West two, uh, very, uh, very much used uh, so these, uh, all the different regions you could pick from, there's a huge number of them. Pick the one that's closest to you, and that should be the one that you go to. On the console and us East one, which was I think the first one that they had, uh, is, uh, the one that is also closest to me and the one that I choose, um, and then AWS account ID this is, of course, the 12 digit number that you took down carefully. Uh, that is on that is written by your user ID in the console that you can copy. So you should put all of those into a dot EMV file. I will go and do that myself right now and see you in a sec.

@@@LECTURE 28 :: Day 5 - Containerizing Your AI App: Docker Images for Production Deployment
All right. This is now the big moment when we get to create our own Docker image, starting with the Docker file. So in this step I've got a Docker file written right here. So let me copy all of this text. Remember the docker file is the description of how to create a Docker image. So we're now going to go to the project root and make a new file. And we're going to call it Dockerfile exactly like that. And paste it in there. And here it is. All right so let me just explain this Docker file. Now some people will have used Docker files many times before. And this will be old hat. Some people. This is the first Dockerfile you've ever seen. And this is going to blow your mind. Uh, and don't worry. Get intuition. You don't need to understand this. You just have to get a feel for it. So this set of instructions is actually going to end up creating two different Docker images. One of them we're only using temporarily. And we begin with the temporary one. So this from command says I want you to connect to something called the Docker Hub, which is a well known repository of existing Docker images, and use something as a starting point. I want you to use a node version 22 Docker image as your starting point, and then I want to run a few commands, which includes setting an environment variable and then running npm run build. And that's the command you may remember, which we've set up so that that will generate a static version of our website of our front end. Based on what we built in Next.js. It's going to ask Next.js to turn it into a static set of files. Okay, that's now been done. Now I'm going to work on the Docker image. I'm going to start with a version of Python 3.12, a slim, a very simple version of it, using an existing Docker image that's out there. And I'm going to adapt it. What am I going to do? Well, I'm going to start by pip installing all the packages in my requirements.txt. So everything's ready. I'm going to copy in my file API slash server dot Pi, which has my backend, and then I'm going to copy across from the temporary image that I just built a moment ago. I'm going to copy across this static website, and I'm going to plonk it in this new image I'm creating. You follow me here. And then I'm going to have this thing called a health check, which is going to be able to hit our health endpoint regularly. And then finally I'm going to say port 8000 is where I'm going to be running my server. And then I'm going to start up my server by making the command uvicorn. I'm going to say it's in the server module, the app, uh, class. And then I set my, my host and my port port 8000. And that will launch our web server listening on port 8000 within this Docker image. And so this then completes the definition of our of our Docker file, which defines the Docker image that we want to create. You can see it's not been saved yet I'm going to save it. And now this is saved. And now I'm going to do a quick best practice of creating a file called dockerignore. Not strictly required here, but this these have files that get excluded from building the Docker image. So new file dockerignore. It's a similar concept to a git. Ignore and paste in those files and save. And that's done. Okay. Uh there is now we're going to now go ahead and build a Docker image from this Docker file. So there's a script here, one for people on Mac and Linux and one for people on windows, which is very simple. All this does is it takes the environments that we set up in the env file, and it actually sets those as environment variables in our terminal. So if I open a new terminal here and I just run this script on a mac where I am when I run this, bam, it's done. Those environment variables are now set. Okay. And now this is the command I'm going to run this docker build command. So for you to have this straight. What this command does is it's going to take the Docker file, and it's going to use that to build a new Docker image as described in that file. And when I run this stuff starts to happen. And in my case it's very quick because I've already run it and it's able to use the thing that's run before. In your case, it will take longer because it will need to do each of the different steps. And you can see here how it's cached, the various different steps. But what it will need to do is copy in the requirements, run pip install to install everything on the Python side and then it will copy across. It will do a run npm run build which builds your your front end server, and then it will copy across those front end that static website from app out into static. And that means we've now used npm run build to build a static front end. And we've copied that into our server. And finally that is then running or getting ready to run. And at the end here, you'll see there are two warnings. And these warnings are warning you that we are using a, an environment, uh, secret that we're using it officially in our Docker container. And it's worried about that. But actually it's wrong to worry. This is in fact, it's even called a public publishable key. This key is something that can be public. It's okay to use this. So this warning, these two warnings can be safely ignored. You should expect them and ignore them. And that concludes we have just successfully built a Docker image from our Docker file. Uh, and as part of it, we created another Docker container and then ran it in order to be able to build our Docker image. But that is now done. It is built. It probably took 2 to 3 minutes for you. And then if you run it a second time, it will be instant like me. And congratulations, you're now the proud owner of a Docker image that you have defined and described that packages the back end and front end of this app, and what remains to be done next is to actually run it to make a Docker container out of this image. Let's give that a whirl. Are you excited? I hope you're excited. We're about to launch first Docker container. You probably forgot what our app even does now. It seems like such a long time ago. Uh, here it is. This is the docker run command for Mac and for windows. I'm going to run it on my Mac. Copy that command, paste it in the terminal. Let's see our Docker container come to life. It's using our image that's called consultation app. It started it and it's apparently running uh and it called its own health root to make sure it's okay. Let's launch and see what we have here. Uh, we'll say open. Okay. That's a good sign. That's our user interface. So just to make sure that you've really got this, this is running on my local box in a Docker container. This is the front end. And it's, it recognizes that I'm already logged in.

@@@LECTURE 29 :: Day 5 - Deploying Dockerized AI Apps to AWS with ECR and App Runner
All right. Now control C out of this Docker process. It's time to deploy to AWS App Runner. First of all we need to set set up our Docker container in the Elastic Container Registry or rather our Docker image. A Docker image or blueprint for containers needs to go in the Elastic Container Registry. So first things first we need to go back to the AWS console. Let's do that right away. Here we are. Uh let's go to AWS console. Sign in. We're already here. Make sure that it's the AI engineer user, not some other user, and go to the Elastic Container Registry. There it is. I just typed ECR in here. And up came the Elastic Container Registry for us right here. Uh, okay. And, uh, ignore the fact that I already have some things in here, including what we've got right now. Uh, because I may have done this before, but we are now going to upload your container to the Elastic Container Registry. Okay. So first make sure that you've got your right region selected here, whatever region is closest to you. Uh, you can see here there's like, like the, uh, the different US regions, like the West Coast and East coast, there's Mumbai and there is Singapore, and there's there's Canada, there's Europe. I think I mentioned EU West one. I know it's very popular. Uh, so uh, and SA East one. So these are the different regions that you might have selected. Make sure you've got the same one selected that you have in your env file that you've used for this. Then press create repository. Now what we're going to call this is going to be exactly consultation. Consultation dash app. Uh and it's got to be exactly that because we are going to use that later. And I hope it's about to complain to me that I've already got that set up if I've spelt it right. Uh, and then everything else is fine to leave as the default and then press create and I won't because it will throw an error because I've already got one created. And once you've done that, uh, you're set to come back to the instructions. So the next thing we're going to do is to configure the AWS cli, uh, which is the, the command line interface for interacting with AWS from a terminal on the screen. And the first thing we need to do is, uh, go back in as, uh, as to the console again. And we're going to go to the security credentials flag to set up this particular access right here. Uh, so, uh, we'll go over there right now and follow these instructions. So we're back in the AWS console. We're signed in as our IAM user AI engineer. You click up here and you go to security credentials right there like this. And over here on security credentials, you're going to scroll down. By the way, you should set up MFA. I don't have it set up right now because for this course I want to be able to move fast. But I will set it up shortly. And it's a good thing to have it set up. You don't want anyone to even come in as your AI engineer, and you come down to the access keys section and you press Create Access key. You select command line interface. Uh, it recommends not not doing that, but we have every reason to use the command line interface you tick. I understand the recommendations. You give it a value for to describe why you're using it. And you say something like Docker push access and then you press Create access key. And it's going to allow you to download a CSV with those details. And you'll see that there are two keys as part of it. And access key ID and a secret access key. And you need to keep note of both of them that got set up as part of that access key. Okay. And then. And then, uh, click. Done. And now it's time to set up the aws cli. So, uh, if you are on, uh, Mac, there's one instruction. You type this brew install aws, cli windows. You go to that link there and you install it from that link. And then when you're ready we're going to type AWS configure to set this up okay. So here I am I type AWS configure. You might need to to open a new terminal for this to come up. If you've uh only just installed the aws CLI. When I type that up it comes. It wants my access key. And this is where it already knows my access key. So I've done this before. You'll have to paste in your access key that you just took note of your secret access key that you'll also paste in, that you just took note of your default region name. You know this only too well. Now this is going to be whatever region you have selected. I'm going with us. East one output format. Leave that as none. And it's done. You've just set up the AWS command line interface so that you can access AWS from your terminal. Congratulations. Okay. It's time now to push this, uh, this, uh, two to the consultation app, our Docker image. And, uh, the, uh, we've we've already loaded our env variables, but but just just in case you haven't, I'm just going to go back and show you that one more time. I'm going back all the way back here to this app here. And this is the Mac step. I'm going to run this again to make sure that my environment variables are loaded in. And you should do the the windows version if you're on windows. Okay. Um, now back we go. Here we are now going to run the following set of commands to push this, uh, This Docker image to ECR. We're going to do them one by one and then that will be done. And I'm looking of course at the Mac Linux instructions. And directly below this are the PC instructions instead. So first of all we're going to authenticate uh Docker to to ECR. And it is just going to take our environment variables to set them up. So off it goes. It should say that that's logged in successfully. It says login succeeded. All right. We're now going to build our Docker image. Now you might wonder why we're doing this again when we just built our Docker image. And there's a good reason for it. And this this is super sneaky. So listen up. But it's super sticky for Mac users. Uh, you need to, to, to do this. If you're on you need to do this anyway. But particularly for people on Apple Silicon, uh, you need to be aware that, uh, you need to build the Docker container, specifically the Docker image. Sorry, specifically for a Linux backend box, because what you've already built is for Apple Silicon and wouldn't work if that were deployed to AWS. So this is like a sneaky thing that people discover, and everyone has some battle scars from this. If you have an Apple silicon like an like an M1 box, um, but that means we're actually seeing it now. Last time it did it all from the cache, this time it's actually building this. So this is what we didn't get to do together before. But you've already done it before, which is it is building the whole Docker image from scratch. It's right now it's just built the front end. It's now it's sorry. It's now doing the front end export. Uh, there you can see uh, see the export running in Next.js creating an optimized production build. This is the, uh, set of raw HTML, JavaScript, CSS files that can be served up representing our front end. That's all being built now. It's almost done generating the static pages. And then this Docker image will be built and ready to be deployed. So when that's done we're then going to to tag it so that it's marked as a consultation app. Latest. Here we go. It's just completed with the same warnings as before that we can safely ignore. We now run tag. It's now marked as the latest version of consultation app. And finally we push this to ECR. We're now pushing this Docker image to ECR. Off it goes. And I will let that push and I will see you in a second okay. It's done. It's done. All right. So now it is time for us to launch App Runner and actually get this thing going. Uh, if you've been following we've made a Docker image based on the Docker image that we already tested it locally. It works locally. We've now made that ready to be deployed, and we've uploaded it to the Elastic Container Registry. So it's now sitting there, and it's time now for us to tell AWS we want to launch this as as a website served on AWS. So we start by going back to the the console. Here we are. And we search for App Runner. Here is AWS App Runner coming up right now. All right. Uh, you can see I already have some of those running. And then what we're going to do next is uh, we're going to click on Create Service and then choose a container registry and Amazon ECR. Let me uh, do that create service Container Registry. Amazon ECR. Uh, and, uh, that's that's great. Uh, and then we'll click browse and select consultation app and latest browse here. Consultation app. Latest continue. And then deployment settings manual. Create new service roll deployment settings manual. Create new service roll. And then next. The service name that we're to give this is going to be Consultation App Service. And I'm going to call it Consultation App Service two because I've already got service running. Service two. Uh, and then the memory. We're going to have a very slim one. We're just going to have a quarter of a CPU and half a gigabyte, so it's nice and lightweight. Quarter of a CPU, half a gigabyte is set. So it's a very small machine, which is all that's required. And we now have to set the environment variables we're going to have to set if we look down here three environment variables clerk secret key, clerk URL and OpenAI API key that we will take all those three from our env file, which we've just got already ready to hand. And we're going to set them in here by pressing Add Environment variable. Uh it's a plain text. We're going to type out OpenAI API key and then copy and paste from our env file. And I'm going to go and do that now. And I will see you back in one second when I've done that.

@@@LECTURE 30 :: Day 5 - Deploying Your AI App Live on AWS App Runner with Auto-Scaling
Okay, so my secrets have now been saved. They're just up there. Just off of off the top there. And, uh, this here is very important where it says port, you need to change this to 8000, because that is the port that it's listening on. Uh, auto scaling right here. You need to come in here and you need to say create new ASC. Give it a name like I'm going to call this like basic, uh, how many, uh, requests can be running concurrently at any one time? Let's say no more than ten. Let's say the minimum number of instances is one, but the maximum is also one. So we're not going to have more than one of these running ever. But this is where you can have it. So that it could scale up a lot if you were building a platform that needed to be highly scalable. And now we add that that is how this this the scaling configuration for this. And then we add health check information. I've actually already filled this in. But you choose a protocol which you should choose HTTP. Give it a path which in our case should be slash health. Say that we want timeout out of five and an interval of 20. That's saying that it will wait up to five seconds before it decides that this isn't healthy. And every 20s it will do this, uh, if it does them five in a row that fail, then that's considered trouble. If a couple are successful, then that's considered healthy. And that is our health checks that run and this is it. And then you press next. You get to review everything one more time. And that shows my secrets. So I'm not going to do that. But you do that. You'll see everything. Make sure it looks good. It's a quarter of a CPU. Make sure you're comfortable with everything that's going on. You have a sense we are ready to deploy our container to App Runner and then press the button to do this, and I will see you in a second. It will take a few minutes to run. So hopefully you found it was in fact a create and deploy. That was the button to press after you were reviewing the details. And once you press that, you should be looking at a screen like this, except yours should say consultation app service, not consultation App service two because I did already test that. That works. Uh, but here you see it here it's it's it's it's working. It's working to deploy this consultation app service. So this is going to be AWS App Runner, which is able to take the Docker container that we had built, the Docker image that we built that was working when we ran it locally. And we uploaded it to the container registry. And we are now running an app runner service that will use that Docker image that we built and that we know works. So this is still deploying. I'll just point out a couple of things about this screen that you're seeing here. You'll see one of these arns. Remember I mentioned that before. Everything in Amazon has an Arn. Uh and this is no exception. This this app runner is has this Arn. You can see within it. It has app runner. It has the name of the region where it's running. It has the account ID in there too. And then all of the other details about it. Um, and this source here is pointing to the container, the image really in the Elastic Container Registry, uh, which this is being built from, that is the source, the image that is sourced for this particular app runner instance. All right. With that, I will leave this to finish off running. Oh, and as if by magic as I finish this, it has now run. And so this is where it is running. It's running on this domain this Https right here. So this is the moment of truth. I'm going to click on this and see what happens. This is on the internet. This is AWS App Runner. This is our app everybody. This is our app running on AWS deployed live to AWS. I'm going to sign in. I'm going to sign in as my user ID. Here we go. Continue. We're now signed in. We just we just authenticated through Clark. And now I'm going to press the open consultation assistant. This is running on Amazon Web Services. Uh, okay. So, uh, editor Donna was the patient. Well, might as well stick with the try I've got. I've definitely got a headache after all this AWS stuff, uh, complained Of a headache. I told him to take Tylenol. All right. And generate a summary. So now everything is whirring in the cloud. Um, and with any luck, our client, our static client, our client here is now calling the server running in AWS App Runner. And, uh, this is now going to be calling OpenAI. And lo and behold, back comes our summary with the doctor's, uh, summary, the next steps for the doctor and the draft of the email to go to the patient. Me, uh, with the headache. And so I present to you a deployed application along with its subscription and authentication. It is running it's in a Docker container deployed on AWS using AWS App Runner. And you should be looking at this yourself. And may I be the first to congratulate you on a live AWS deployment.

@@@LECTURE 31 :: Day 5 - From Vercel to AWS: Deploying Production LLM Apps at Scale
Well, I imagine some of you are feeling a bit like a deer caught in headlights with everything that just happened so much. And yeah, I'm here to tell you, please don't worry. Go with it. This is going to be about absorbing more information as we go. There is a lot to AWS. I feel like you might have seen the enormous contrast. It was so easy to deploy to Vercel and get something running. It was almost too easy. It almost felt like that was too good to be true. Uh, and really cool to experience that. And then AWS is almost the opposite experience. It's like, why is it so hard just to set up a user ID just to have access to all this permission stuff, these user policies and then attaching all these policies, user groups? I mean, there's so much terminology. What is ECR and App Runner and CloudWatch and all these other things. Uh, and so uh, yeah, I'm, I'm here to tell you, uh, don't don't let it become too much. We didn't even look at CloudWatch yet but but we're going to uh and that's something that if you wanted to, you could take a click around and see some of the logging that you can see in in CloudWatch there as well. Um, but it's a very quick recap to what we did. We built a front end. Uh, it was a react front end using the Next.js application framework. It's using the TypeScript variant rather than JavaScript. We use the pages router, not app router, and we use tailwind CSS. We built a backend using fast API. We used Clark for user authentication and for subscription plans. And then we packaged everything into a Docker container. And we did it with this approach of having the front end be compiled into like a static front end, and have it be served up by the backend, all in one nice Docker container that we tested locally. And it worked. We could run our front end and back end together in a Docker container running locally. And then we took that container, or to be precise, we we took the image and we pushed that to the the Elastic Container Registry. And then we deployed to AWS App Runner. AWS is simple approach for deploying containers to the cloud. One of the simplest ways to go live on AWS. And we did it. Congratulations, and maybe worth mentioning again, I guess that there was an LLM in here. We we we called OpenAI and we streamed back results. So, uh, whilst it felt like this was all configuration, like we were in AWS console all week long, like clicking here, setting up permissions, uh, but there was an LLM involved at the end of it. So hopefully this has given you some some groundwork. If this feels a lot then do go back through again. Do some some some revision of this. Click around the AWS console. A great practice to do right now is to go back in as your root user and look at the costs. There should be no material costs at this point, but it's a great practice to do so. Please do it right away. Log in as the root user. Check that the cost screens, uh, cost and billing, billing and cost management, uh, section. And make sure that everything looks good. And then the assignment for you. The assignment, of course, as I said in day four, is to go and beef up this app, go and make it have more functionality, more functionality, and then deploy it to Vercel. And that's going to be super easy. You're going to do it in a heartbeat. It's so easy. And then take a deep breath, prepare yourself and deploy it to AWS. Now that you've set everything up, that's really the hardest part is all this configuration, all the IAM stuff, all these other parts. The final steps of just building the Docker container, pushing it to ECR and then building the building and deploying your app runner. That's just it's not that hard once you've done it a couple of times. So that's what you have to do now. You have to go through and do it. And please do put your results in in a repo and link to them and put that in community contributions so I can see the work you've done and the different ways you build this app. And wouldn't it be cool if you actually turned this into a proper SaaS product? Contact a few, uh, healthcare, uh, contacts, a few doctor's offices and see if you can't pitch to them. You're amazing. uh, automated assistant that can help their practice be more efficient. That would be really cool. Anyway, that concludes a massive day five. I warned you, after day four, the day five will be a lot. Your brain might be fried, but you've learned so much. It concludes week one. We built a SaaS product. We deployed it to production. It was pretty easy to go to vassal. It was. It was quite traumatic putting it on AWS. But we got there. We got it done. It's live, it's scalable, it's robust, it can be monitored. Uh, this is a industrial strength deployment onto AWS. And you should be super proud with your progress. I am so happy to tell you that you are 25% through being an expert in production deployment. And I'm really excited. Now to launch into week two. You've you've already you've dipped your toe into the AWS waters. And next week we're going to take a big old plunge. So so so be ready for that. And I'm really excited for it. And I'll see you for week two.

@@@END_BATCH
