@@@LECTURE 23 :: Day 5 - AWS Setup and IAM for Production AI: Your First Cloud Deployment
So with any luck, you are now mentally prepared for day five. It's a big day. It's a day that requires, as I say, some grit. But I happen to find using AWS deploying to these major cloud providers to be very satisfying as well. It's a it's a big deal. Uh, and it's exciting to be deploying on something that can take such massive scale and be close to the kind of bare metal of a cloud deployment. Uh, so so it can be enjoyable. And as I've warned you a million times, it can be a bit frustrating. So here we are. We're coming to the conclusion of the first week, the SaaS gen AI product. We're now going to go to production with on AWS. And I do want to make the point that today is going to be about a preview of AWS. Uh, next week is going to be the full AWS week, when we will really go deep on many components. It's going to say every component on AWS. We're not even gonna get close to that. but many of the core components of AWS today. Think of it more as a teaser. Today is a teaser of what's to come. Just to give you that early sense, you don't need to pick everything up. You just need to get a flavor for it. But first, one of the things that one gets very used to with AWS is what's known as IAM identity and access management. It's something that's quite grueling with AWS in particular, more so than the other providers that we'll look at. GCP, Google Cloud Platform, and Azure from Microsoft, but AWS, Amazon Web Services. I realize I haven't said that. I do imagine that everyone does know that that's what AWS stands for. But just in case, uh. Uh, AWS uh, has a very granular, very powerful system for managing who can access what on the AWS platform. And it's quite a headache. The first time that you get to use it. But it is one of the core strengths of AWS. So it's one of these things that's that's, uh, it's it's a it's a mixed blessing. Uh, but generally speaking, I think it is a net positive, but but it's important to understand it. So as I just just said, it is it's very granular and it is it's, it's it's really tiresome when you first use it. But there is a good reason behind it. And it's a great, it's important commercial skill for you to pick this up. I said at the beginning that that, uh, one of the reasons that we, uh, look at AWS is to give you this ability to build software that scales in a big way and also to prepare you for industry so that you have the kind of skill set that you might expect to see in a job description and being slick with AWS permissions. That's that's a that's a big skill. So here's how it works. We're going to start by setting up a new AWS account, assuming you don't already have one, and give you a root user. And the root user is the all powerful user that can do anything and as a result, the all powerful user should in practice do almost nothing. You want to be almost never logged in as the all powerful root user. The only two things that we're going to ever use the all powerful user for. One of them is going to be about assigning permissions, so that we can use it to set up other accounts that have more limited permissions. And that's this is that this is the whole practice of IAM that you don't give your root user abilities. You allow your or at least you don't do things as your root user. You create other accounts, you give them specific permissions. And that's what you do with with those other accounts. We're also going to use the root user for budgeting, to make sure that we are aware of what we're spending and putting various controls around it. So that's the root user. And we then create an IAM user, which is what you call a user with more restricted permissions. Now in an ideal in a in a real production setting, you'd actually create many IAM users with different roles. You might have a different one for each of your environments. You might have different ones for different projects that have access to different things. Now we're going to not be that finickity. We're going to create one user called AI engineer that will be our workhorse for the rest of this course. Uh, and we're going to give that, that user permissions to do all the different things that we're going to need to do during the course as we go. But I'm going to set you up so that if you wish you could give more fine grained permissions, you'll you'll be equipped so that you know how to do it. And you can do that yourself now, or in production or with your own true commercial projects as you build them. Okay. And with that, we're going to go straight to some lab work. We're going to set up an AWS account and set up some of this IAM stuff. And I'm going to begin actually by taking you to to cursor. Not that we're going to be in cursor that much, but we're going to do it so I can show you the day five document, which will be your guide. Uh, and the day five document, which is in the it will be in the Sass project if you copied it there, but otherwise in the production project. Um, this is going to talk us through moving from vessel to AWS for professional cloud deployment. Uh, there's going to be a ton of stuff we're going to go through. You've got a little preview here. We're going to talk about Docker AWS fundamentals. We're going to be doing that using this AWS component called App Runner. Uh, and uh we're also going to be working on protecting the budget the spend. And we'll talk more about whether there's any spend at all in a minute. Um, and you can read through all this, but we will come back to it. So the first thing to do is to sign up for a new AWS account, which I already have an AWS account, but you will go to AWS Amazon.com. You may already have an account, but if not, you'll go there. You'll click to create an AWS account. You'll you'll enter your email and choose a password. You will select a personal account type. Um, and uh, this is the thing, uh, you will need to enter payment information and we will talk about payment in a second. So you'll need to enter a credit card. It is required to use AWS. But you will see every time that we build something that's going to cost money, and you'll be able to make that decision about what you want to do. But it is, as I said at the beginning, it is your responsibility to be understanding it as we go and tracking it. When you first put in your credit card number, of course, nothing is taken at all. But, uh, you should you should make sure that you're understanding every step along the way, everything we're doing as it pertains to any costs. And select a basic support free. And you will now have an AWS root account. As it says here, it's like having admin access. It's got all the powers in the world, but it is dangerous what we're going to do now. We're going to do this together right now because I've already set up this account. We're going to sign in. We're going to look at the security credentials and make sure it's set up properly. And we're also then going to set up some budget alerts. We're going to follow this structure right here. Uh so let's go over now to the AWS screens and do this together. So this is what I get when I go to AWS or Amazon.com. You presumably came here, you went to create accounts and you went through that flow. Now, I should mention that that Amazon has various offers to new joiners. Sign up for AWS, often with free credits, with lots of free offers and plans. And if you're a student, then then you get more. There's there's lots of different ways that AWS will give you credits for signing up your new account, and it probably varies by region. So hopefully you've been able to get yourself a nice deal that's given you a bunch of free credits, as well as knowing that when you first sign up, you get a lot of free stuff. So, uh, that that might mean that you can do some of the things that will cost a few dollars on this course and not pay a dime. So, uh, hopefully you've you've read that as part of setting up your account. But once you've done that, I've already got this. So I'm going to sign in with your account. I'm coming in as a root user. And I'm going to pick my root user account, which is this one right here. There it is. And then I press next. And then I press sign in to come in. And because I've already set up multi-factor authentication which you haven't done yet. Uh, but, but uh, which I have, I can now come on in, go to my authenticator app, type in a number. And sign in. And I'm now signed in as the root user. So up here you can see my account ID. This is the account ID of our our instance that all our users will be under. And you should keep note of this. This is going to be very important for us in a lot of different times during during this course, uh, you can click on that drop down arrow and press that button there to copy it to your clipboard and then paste it somewhere to hand. We're going to need that later. Your Amazon account ID it's a 12 digit number. Uh, and it's a very important number that identifies this this instance. So you can then go to security credentials just here. And this opens up the security, uh, setting. Uh, this is, uh, a place where you can now set up multi-factor authentication by pressing this assign MFA device button. And this is where you can set up a number of different ways that you can have multi-factor authentication. And you do need to set this up for this account. For this root account, you need to be very careful to make sure that only you have access to it. I use an authenticator app on my phone and I've got it tied that way. You need to do the same to make sure that you have this account very secure indeed. And, uh, while we're here, I just mentioned another thing. It's good to make sure your details are up to date. Something that you'll notice here is this identifier, this thing here. Uh, you will see these identifiers all over AWS. You are going to become sick of these. We're going to have so many of these in our journey together for the next few weeks, and are an Amazon resource number. They're going to come up a lot, and it is one unique identifier to any thing on AWS where that thing could be many different types of object. And so it's going to come up a lot. You're going to see arns all over the shop and you're going to get very used to them indeed. All right. So with any luck you've gone through this. You've assigned your MFA device. Then come here and sign out and sign back in again so that you can be absolutely sure that your MFA device is working and that you're getting back in and out of AWS.

@@@LECTURE 24 :: Day 5 - Setting Up AWS Cost Monitoring for Production AI Deployments
I want to say a few words about API costs in AWS before we go and set up some some alerts. And I'm conscious that I have already talked about this before. So it's just a just a refresher one more time. API costs are something which is your responsibility that you need to be aware of and monitoring and understanding at every step on our journey together. AWS has a number of offers that they make to people that sign up for the first time, and those offers depend on your region and various things like whether you're studying and and other offers you may or may not be eligible for, but you should try and sign up for whatever you can. And I think one of the very common ones is your first three months of free credits. Um, but some AWS activities still have costs. For example, if you want to register your own domain name, then that has a cost. But of course you have to register it with a domain registrar. There's there's that cost that depends on what domain you're getting. So things like that that will have a cost. This first weeks project is estimated to cost between $1 and $5. If you were to leave it running for the entire month, if you just leave it running for a couple of days and bring it down, the costs should be de minimis. It should be nothing, but it's incumbent on you to keep an eye on it to check that that is the case. API costs should always be your choice throughout this course. Now, there's no doubt that when you're using an industrial strength platform like AWS, the costs they have cost. It's not like Vercel, which is like a more. It can be used by a hobbyist and by someone that's just wanting to get an idea up there. AWS is serious business and it's used by major corporations. And so the different pricing tiers and the ability to scale is built into it. And understanding how to manage and monitor costs is part of the production skill set that would be expected by many employers. So this is important learning as well. We're now going to go and set up some alerts, which is the way that we can monitor. And it's one of the ways that that we can check what's going on. We'll set up alerts. And I'm also going to encourage you to go back often to look at the total spend. So you keep a careful eye on this. Here's the thing AWS and the other platforms have alerting functionality. Very good granular alerting functionality. But there is no cap. There is no way to say, okay, AWS, I don't want to spend more than this amount. If I do shut everything off, they don't do that. Now, their stated reason for this is that they are used by by major companies, by enterprises. And it's it's not okay to imagine that AWS could ever turn the lights off in a normal situation just because a billing has gone wrong or a credit card didn't go through. Suddenly Netflix is down. That's that's not going to happen and that's AWS reason for it. Um, I do I feel like it seems strange to me because because why couldn't there still be an opt in thing where you could say, I want to be shut down if I go above this amount? They don't offer that. I suspect it's technically more complex than they than they want to admit. Uh, but nonetheless, whatever the real reason is, it's not something you can do. People complain a lot about open AI with the the need for $5 up front that you draw down against. But I have to be honest, I kind of personally prefer that for my projects, because I have a sense that if something were to go really wrong, my my, my greatest, uh, liability would be that $5 up front. I would I would spend it and that would be done. Uh, with AWS, that is not the case. In theory, your liability is unlimited. If somehow you were to write something that created massive, great infrastructure. Uh, and so that's certainly something to be cognizant of. And that's why I do want to impress on you how important it is to understand what's happening at every point, to set up the alerts that we're going to go and do right now, and to try them out and make sure they work, and to keep an eye on your costs, on your spend regularly. Uh, the remember again one more time that that this is your responsibility and it's serious business. Okay. So we're now back in the AWS console. This is what you get when you go to AWS, Amazon.com. Let me just prove that AWS, Amazon.com, and I'm logged in as my root user. And I press that button and here I am. And if you come up here to the account ID, you can see that we are logged in and logged in as ed, the root user for this account. So keep an eye on that. Um, and uh, I'm now going to go to this search box on the top left. Now Amazon, the AWS console website has many different sections for different services offered by AWS. There are so many of them, and the way that you can get to any of them is through this search box. This is your go to place. You will go to this 100 times. And right now I'm going to click here and type the word billing. And when I do that, up come the services that match this. And the one we're looking for is billing and cost management. So that's what I select. And I'm now at the billing and cost management home. This in a nutshell tells me that my costs that I've incurred with AWS up to date up to the minute. And you can see that I've actually spent quite a lot myself, $100 so far in August. And uh, the reason is that it's all on this, this course. But but not the not what you will need to spend. I spent a lot on this thing called Amazon OpenSearch service. That turned out to be much more expensive than I was expecting, and I've replaced it with something that is significantly cheaper. That means that it won't appear, or there won't be any measurable cost for that at all. So don't worry about how much I've spent. Your number shouldn't be anything like that. And anyway, you will be actively watching it to make sure. But this page is where you can see your spend at a glance, and you should be coming back here every day to double check. But what we're going to do is we're going to look in the left bar here, and we're going to scroll down to budgets under the title Budgets and Planning and Budgets. And we get here to the budgets section of the billing and cost management. So you can see the breadcrumbs up here. We're in billing and cost management under budgets. Looking at the overview right here and now. You won't have anything here because you haven't set up any budgets yet. And let's fix that right away. Press this yellow create Budget button on the top right and come in here. So first of all select this user template box. And then here we're going to start by creating something called a zero spend budget. Which means that you'll get notified as soon as your spending exceeds $0.01. So in we come. Uh, we need to give it a name, so we'll call it zero zero spend. We have to put in the email recipients and make sure that you get this right, because this is your safety net. So it needs to be right. There is my email address. Double check it. And, uh, it tells me I'll be notified by email when any spend above a cent is incurred. And I press the create budget button. And it's been created right here. Go back and create budget again. Use a template monthly cost budget. And now we'll come up with a number. We'll call it monthly check. Monthly check. Come up with a number which is the amount that you are comfortable spending this month on deploying to AWS production. Let's say it's $5. Put in the email address here, and your number is whatever number you're comfortable with. And it can be $1 if that's all you want to spend, uh, you will be notified when your actual spend reaches 85% of this number, when your actual spend reaches 100% of this number. And if the forecast if Amazon's prediction, if you continue going the way you are, uh, reaches 100%. So you should get three possible emails associated with this report with this this alert. And now we press Create Budget and that has been created as well. And now you can add more if you want to check for more things. And it's worth having like that zero spend check just to make sure you definitely get that email. And regardless, until you're getting these emails and you see that it's working, you should be coming back to the billing and cost management part and looking at your numbers frequently to make sure you're comfortable that you understand your spend and you know what's going on.

@@@LECTURE 25 :: Day 5 - Setting Up Secure IAM Users for Production AI Deployments on AWS
So this next part is extremely important. Uh, and is all about IAM identity and access management. This is where we're going to be going in as our root user that we just set up. That for me is called Ed. Uh, and using that to create a new user, a special user called AI engineer that will have limited permissions and that will be the the ID that we'll use during the course of the next few weeks. Now, what I've done here is I've got the AWS console showing on the left. If I click here, you'll see what I mean. We're just the console home. That's what you get after you log in on the right. Sorry. And on the left I've got the, the notes from the, the day five, uh, guide that's in the production repo, uh, to take us through what we're going to do now so you can follow we're on step five right here. So we're on step four, creating the IAM user for our daily work. You should never use your root account for the daily work. It has permissions to do anything. And that's not a good idea. Instead we're going to create a more limited user. Um, and you can see that I'm logged in right now as editor, which is the name of the root user, we're going to create a new user. So we start, as always in the search box in the console. And I'm going to look for the users section. Uh sorry the IAM section I mean of the uh, um, AWS console. And here I am in the IAM dashboard, something that you'll get very used to. And on the IAM dashboard I'm now going to go to the users, uh, part in the side nav. Here we go. And it shows that I have actually already set up a couple of users. You won't have any. And that's what we're going to do now. So you're going to press the orange create user button and you're going to call it AI engineer. And I'll just put AI engineer two for now. Uh, you are going to uh, say yes, I want the user to have access to the console, and I want the user to be an IAM user. Uh, so, uh, that seems good. You're going to select Custom Password and type in a really strong password that you'd like to use right here. And you're going to uncheck. Users must create a new password because you're writing the password. So you might as well get it right now. So you don't need to change it again. And when you're doing that you're next. And then create the user. And that part will be done. And I'm going to cancel because I've already created it of course. And it's called AI engineer okay. Now there are ways that you can add permissions immediately to the AI engineer, but that has some limitations. And we're going to want to add a lot of permissions. So we're going to do this a really proper way. And a proper way is to first create something called a user groups. User groups, which is a set of permissions that can apply to a bunch of users, even though we only have one right now. So go to user groups and we're going to create a user group, and it's going to be called broad AI Engineering Access. So that's what's coming next okay. So I'm going to press create Group right here. And I'm going to call this broad AI Engineer access, which is what you should do. And then I'm going to put the number two because I've already got one. But you don't put the number two, you just stick with broad. AI engineer access. Now you can have as many users as you want in this group. We're just going to have the one user. It'll be the only user you've got. AI engineer that will be part of this group. And then we can attach permissions policies to this user group. And this is where we say what is AI engineer allowed to do. And you are going to be adding four policies. As you see it's actually going to be five. And they're listed here. And the way that you do it, which is a little bit janky, is you type out the name in this search bar here like this first one, it's called AWS App Runner Full Access. And you might not know what. You won't know what that means yet. And you can just drag here to check. There it is. You just check that box. You don't press this yellow button yet. You just check that box. It's kind of odd. Now we'll get the next one. Amazon EC2 Container registry full access. Don't worry what these things mean. We'll get to know them fondly sooner enough. Uh, and now we go back here and we type CloudWatch logs. Full access. Oops. If I spelled this wrong. CloudWatch logs I put log. There we go. There it is. And we tick that. And then we do uh IAM user change password and we tick that uh and now we've got these four things ticked. I actually thought we were going to have to do a fifth, but I guess not. It's just these four. Uh, and with that you then press Create User Group and that will create broad engineer access to and it will be assigned to AI engineer. Uh, sorry. It will create broad AI engineer access without the two because you didn't have a two. Uh, I'm going to cancel because I've already done this. Of course. We'll go back. Continue. And here, let me just show you my user groups. I've got one called broad AI Engineer Access. If I click on it, you can see that it's, it's got it's actually got two users associated with it. You will only have one AI engineer that's on the users tab of broad AI engineer access. The permissions tab has all the permissions. Now I've got a bunch more than you have because I've been adding more. As the course progresses, you should just have the for the AWS app runner, uh, which is right here, full access EC2 container registry, that one there, CloudWatch logs, full access. Uh, there it is. And IAM user uh, change password, which you should also have, which I have elsewhere, but you should have those four. They should be assigned here. Uh, and uh, it should all look pretty good. Now the pros amongst you might point out that giving this full access type of permission, like this one here is perhaps more than is strictly needed. We're giving a bunch of different policies, uh, which which will allow, uh, the IAM user to, to do anything to do with this particular service. And real professionals get more granular than this. AWS gives you very fine granularity about saying what people can and can't do. But I think this is good enough for now. We're getting pretty granular. We're assigning particular services to our AI engineer user, and that's good enough for now. But just keep in mind, keep a mental note of the fact that you can take this further and be even more granular about what your AI engineer user is allowed to do and can't do. But with that, we have now set up this user. We have a username and a password, and we have permissions assigned. And it's time that we can now log into AWS as our IAM user instead of our root. And we begin the process by signing out by going up here and go to sign out. We're done as our root user. All right. And here we are again at the AWS landing page Aws.amazon.com. I'm going to press sign in to console. And this time I'm coming in as IAM user sign in. And you can see that there's there's several fields here. If you were coming in as the root user, you would now instead press sign in using root user email. Now this first thing here is the 12 digit ID that I told you to copy and keep track of later. If you didn't take my advice, you didn't copy it and track it. Then you'll have to go back in and sign in as your root user and then take that ID, but that ID goes here. Uh, and then here is your IAM username. Here is the password that you set. And then you can press sign in. And in you will come. You are in as your IAM user. Uh, this is a time when I will mention one other thing. We are now in as as a IAM user, I'll mention two things. One is that when we're in as our IAM user, we're going to see these errors about access denied all over the place, such as looking at the cost and usage because we don't have access to that as the IAM user as AI engineer. You can see up here we don't have access to that. It's the it's the root user that has access to that. So when you want to see stuff about the overall costs, you need to go in as your root user to do that, to manage your budget and to assign permissions. We are in as the AI engineer, which you can see here, along with our 12 digit ID that you've got, uh, carefully recorded somewhere. You'll also see this here. Now this is really important. This is what's called the region, the AWS region that you're associated with. And the different regions are listed down here. And you can change the user interface to, to change your console so that you're looking at a different region. And each region you can almost think of like it's a different cloud, a different installation that has completely different services and works differently, and your region will depend on where you're located, your default. That would have come up for me. It is US East one, and you'll be on one of the others, and we'll talk more about this later. But it's important to understand that this is where you set what region you're currently looking at in the console. Um, and it's worth getting used now to how you spell these. Like us. Hyphen east. Hyphen one. Because at various points when we use this, if you make any typos in this, like I accidentally left out the hyphen once and you can get obscure errors and it can take ages to find that I speak from bitter personal experience, so don't do that. Uh, so this is where you set the region that you're looking at. This is where we see our ID and our AI engineer. And this is the new the console with only the permissions that we have as AI engineer. And congratulations, you've set up an IAM user. You've logged in as the IAM user for your account and you're ready to go.

@@@LECTURE 26 :: Day 5 - Containerizing AI Apps with Docker for Cloud Deployment
Well, I reckon you've mastered IAM already. You picked this stuff up fast. You get what's going on with this AI engineer stuff. Which means it's time to introduce something new. Uh, so to talk about Docker for a bit. And Docker is one of these things that I imagine like 60%, maybe 80% of you already know well. But for a few of you, this is something new. So I'm not going to go deep. I'm just going to give you some some of the basic intuitions and those that know it already. You can you can mine, mine, mine about your own, your own business. We'll get right back to you. So Docker is, uh, put simply, you can think of it like it's the ability to run a computer within your computer, a box within your box, uh, and, uh, back, back in the day, we used to have virtual machines, which was this idea that you could run a complete operating system and a complete kind of ring fenced, isolated set of processes within your computer, uh, emulating, like a computer within your computer. Uh, and these were these were quite heavyweight and expensive to to start them up. They would take a long time. They were they were quite heavy on resources. Docker is this very lightweight alternative that achieves much the same thing, but it shares the same operating system, so it doesn't need to replicate your your your OS. So think of it like it's like a virtual machine if you know them, but it's much more lightweight and it gives you this kind of isolated computer within your computer. The reason we do it is that it gives you this, uh, this isolated world that is completely portable and reproducible. So in theory, once you've built one of these Docker things, we're going to give you the right terms for it in a second. Once you've built it, you can then do that again on many different computers, many different machines. And you'll get identical behavior. Now of course, as always with these things, there are some footnotes. There are some caveats. There are some things that it doesn't quite work well in, and some things that it does work really well in. But generally speaking, Docker is pretty impressive at this. That's what it's great at. Build it once and deploy that Docker container anywhere. And that's what we're going to be using it for. And then there are three concepts, three terms that you need to learn about using Docker that build on top of each other. First of them is a text file. It's called the Docker file. And it's a simple text file that gives instructions for how to install and configure your, your your your box within a box. It gives the sort of recipe for what this is going to to do, complete with step by step instructions, all in this text file called the Docker file. And when you run that text file Docker, the program uses that to create something called an image. And an image you can think of as like it's a snapshot. It's a snapshot of a whole environment, of a whole computer system that can be can be run based on the Dockerfile. The Dockerfile allows Docker to to create a Docker image that does that, and a Docker image can be the Dockerfile can say, hey, start with this existing image. And now on top of this existing image I want to add these instructions and that is usually the way it works. Dockerfiles usually begin by saying, hey, starting from this image, I want to make these changes and that's that's how you normally build up a Docker file. Okay. So you've got an image which is like this, this, this snapshot, this, this description, this blueprint of a computer. And the final concept is called a container. And a container is an actual live active instance of this computer within a computer box. Within a box, each one of those is called a Docker container. So a Docker container is built from a Docker image, which is built from a Docker file. And to make that super clear, put in some squiggly arrows. There the Dockerfile goes, makes an image. The image creates containers and you can make many containers from the same image. Containers can be active and then they can be stopped. Uh, and that is all you need to know for now About Docker. So I now have to tell you about the first three AWS services that you're going to be using this week. And we're going to use many more next week. And we're going to also recap some of this. So you don't need to commit this to memory. And don't worry if it all becomes too many words. Uh, but uh, these are going to be the ones we're going to use today. I have to say, I do find with AWS there's a lot of lingo, a lot of language, a lot of words to learn about, and it's going to feel very overwhelming to start with. And after a while, you get used to all of them. You get to know like the, the language that is AWS. Uh, but it but it takes it takes some time before it all sinks in and you don't don't worry about it. Uh, just just go with it. And after a bit of repetition, I think a couple of after next week, it's going to to connect together. So we are going to use an AWS service called App Runner. AWS App Runner. You saw it when we gave permissions to our IAM user. So App Runner is the AWS component. That is the. It's the easiest way to take a Docker container and deploy that as it is on the cloud, so that you can set up a Docker container, run it locally, make sure it works, and then boom, push it out to the cloud. Have it running on AWS. That's what AWS App Runner is. And it's often the common starting point because it's just it's easy to work with. Um, and as such, it's very powerful because you can do a lot in a Docker container. ECR Amazon ECR is the elastic container registry. That's what it stands for. You don't need to know why. Uh, but it's basically a place in AWS where you can store containers, Docker containers, uh, that, that are ready to, to be deployed. Um, I feel like it should really be like an image registry or the container registry, but but I don't know. Anyway, ECR is what it's called Elastic Container Registry and CloudWatch is the name of AWS service for collecting logs and monitoring them across your AWS services. So it's one place to go to monitor what's going on. And obviously, when we start to talk more about things like agents, we're going to be wanting to to observe agent behavior. It's going to be important to have one place to go to look at all of the logs that could come from many different places, and CloudWatch gives us that opportunity. So these are the three services that we're about to get into now. In addition, you have already of course seen two other services. You've seen the three other services, you've seen uh, the IAM and you've seen for the for the user, I guess, I guess that's a service. It's one of the services you've seen. And then you've also seen the cost and billing management service. So you've seen two others making a grand total of five. Uh, then uh, with that, uh, we're going to, to, to take our healthcare app, we're going to first package it into a Docker container. We're going to test it locally. And then we're going to take that container and deploy it to AWS. That's what I got in store for you. That's all going to happen before the end of the day. I told you this day was going to be a big day. Uh, okay. With that, let's go to the lab. Let's start by building our healthcare app locally in Docker and make that work. So here I am back in cursor and I'm looking at the day five instructions. I had this squashed on the left hand side of my screen a moment ago when we were going through setting up our IAM user, and we're in part two. Install Docker desktop. Okay, so as it says, Docker lets us package our application into a container like a shipping container for software. And the first step is install Docker desktop. And many of you probably already have, particularly if you've taken my AI course, then you've used Docker containers already when we had crew running our developers. Uh, but in case you haven't and I'm not going to go through the installation myself. But but you go to Docker.com, you go to the Docker desktop link and you download the right one for Mac or Windows. You run the installer, windows users. There's a little bit of a palaver here. It will install Wsl2, perhaps a little Linux machine that runs because the OS needs to be shared. So it needs to be running a Linux machine. Uh, accept all the prompts and then start Docker desktop. You may need to restart your computer. Um, and then to make sure it works you type this Docker minus minus version. Now I'm not sure if I'm running Docker, so let's just do a test now to see uh, I will bring up a terminal. Here it is. And I will run Docker minus minus version. It's running actually that doesn't necessarily that means that that Docker is there. Uh we will I'm on version 27. It's it's not not up to date there, but version 27 for me. We can now test whether it's running. This is when we will find whether I've actually got Docker running right now. Do Docker run hello world. That's the one. Hello Dash world. That's like one that Docker makes available to us. Let's give this a try. Let's see what happens. It is I do have it running and you can see a little message. Hello from Docker. This message shows you that your installation appears to be working correctly, and it tells you what actually happened to generate. Hello world Docker client. Uh, pulled this image from the Docker Hub. Now this was instant for me because I already had it for you. This might have taken a few seconds. It created a new container from that image. You know, all this lingo. Now you know about images and containers, uh, that enabled that produced this output that you're currently reading. And then it gives you some more ambitious things that you could try. So, uh, there's, of course, a whole world to using Docker that I'm not going to go into now, but you can read all about it should you wish, uh, by looking at Docker's docs or by asking your favorite AI.

@@@END_BATCH
