@@@LECTURE 6 :: Day 1 - Deploy Your First Live AI App with OpenAI and Vercel Integration
So here I am back in GitHub on the website github.com slash. We're going to week one and week one is day one dot part 2.md, which is our instant gratification project part two. So look, the first step is to set up an OpenAI API key because we're going to be making calls to OpenAI to GPT five. And I realize that for some people, many of you probably already have OpenAI keys. And you can just skip step one. Some of you do not. And some of you may not want to have OpenAI keys because OpenAI, whilst it is super cheap to call the OpenAI API, it's a fraction of a cent for any call that we'll be making. And certainly in this part, the they do require a $5 up front payment that you pay as you go against. And and obviously that can be a bore if you do lots of these APIs. And so I do understand that's not for everyone. And so there are alternatives including free and cheap alternatives that don't require the $5 upfront, and I will make sure that they're all carefully noted in the docs. You should be able to find this well documented in the guide in the guides folder that will go through, uh, all of the different alternatives that you've got. Assuming that if you do that, it will tell you how you can change what we do here. Just make sure you understand it and then apply that. But otherwise, if you're sticking with the OpenAI approach and it's good to get some experience with OpenAI because it's so common in industry and knowing how to set up a key and work with the keys and use them directly makes a lot of sense. I think it's $5 well spent. Uh, and of course, you're not really spending it. You're just putting it down and you will spend it over a long period of time. Uh, but if you're ready to do that, then the way to do it is you first visit platforms, OpenAI, which is where you go to sign up for an account. If you're confused about the difference between ChatGPT the product which has a subscription, and using the API, then that's also covered in the docs. Um, but if you do this, if I bring up a new incognito tab and go there. Then when you go here, you can sign up. You'll then sometimes you have to click on one more button. That's something like something to create an organization or something. But it should be pretty clear how you sign up. And you can authenticate with Google as the fastest way to do it or with anything. Um, and then once you've you've come through that, there's a link here to the page where you can add your $5 minimum payment, make sure auto recharge is not set so that if for some reason you spend that money, you won't spend any more. But you should not get close to spending that money on this course. Um, and then you need to create a new API key going to this link and you select Create secret new secret key. Your key will start src proj dash. Sometimes it doesn't. In some situations if you're part of a company. But almost always it starts with that. Copy that to your clipboard. Uh, it's also of course, important to save that somewhere safe. If you have a password manager, it's a great place to have it. If you do choose to save it in in a in a text editor, be sure to use not a fancy one like Microsoft Word or Notepad. That might change some of the characters, like it might change dash to a long dash and things like that. So avoid using a fancy word processor. Use a text editor only, uh, if you want to save your key. That's a common trap. Um, there's lots of traps in creating keys. I'll try and put some of them down in the docs, but we're going to be creating so many keys over the next few weeks that this is something that you're going to have to get good at. And if something goes wrong and you somehow get a typo in your key, it's not going to work. You'll have to get good at diagnosing and debugging that. But at this point, I'm going to assume that you have created an OpenAI account and you have your own OpenAI API key, which is how you'll identify yourself to OpenAI so that you can make calls. And it's time for us to add that key to Vercel. And so in the instructions you'll see here that the command is vercel env add OpenAI API key which we're going to run in cursor. So I'm going to copy that. I'm then going to bring up cursor. Here we are right where we left it in the instant project. Hang on I'm just going to make this a bit smaller. So it's got a bit more room for that. And I'm going to paste in that command. And when I do that it's now going to ask me for the value of that where I will now paste in my key. But of course I'm not going to do that on camera or you're all going to see my key. So I'm going to do that right now, and I will see you in a second. And you probably just experienced that. You have to choose once you've pasted in your key carefully making sure you you've pasted exactly your key, starting ESC, proj dash and no spaces on the end. The key. Once you've done that, you then have to select which environment it applies to. And we want to select all the environments. And you do that either by pressing the button A as it prompts you. And then all three little circles fill in. And then you press enter. Or you can press space to select each one. And then a cursor key down space down space and then enter, uh, either of those ways. Once you've once you've played around with it, with it, it'll be clear what's going on. Make sure that you've set that key for all three environments, and if you made a mistake, you can just come back and do it again. No problem. All right. So we've done that. We have just set environment variables with vassal. And it was pretty easy. And now let's go back to the instructions to see what's next. Next up we are going to update our dependencies. So you remember we created requirements.txt identifying which Python packages we which libraries we depended on. We have fast API and Uvicorn. We're now going to add in open AI. All right. That's that's getting interesting. We're adding our uh, AI uh, Python client library to requirements.txt. And probably many of you have heard my my rant on this before, but it's just important. I will say it one quick time. This open AI Python library that we're adding in here does not contain any LLM code. The code this is an open source package which OpenAI has made available to us all, and it is simply convenient. Python code A utility that wraps making web calls to a web endpoint. And that's all it is. And it's open source. You can look at the code, it just constructs an HTTP request. And what comes back, it turns them into nice Python objects, a convenient utility. And as many of you know, you can use that utility to talk not only to an OpenAI model, but to many other providers as well. In fact, almost all of them also support using this same utility to call their LLM. Um, and so in my guide where I explain how you can use others, it still ends up using the same OpenAI package that we have right here, just pointing it at a different LLM provider. Okay. Now let's go and add in our code. Okay. Let's go back to the instructions then. Uh, so from from GitHub. Now it's time to update our application code. I'm copying this code. We're now going to go back to cursor and select instant dot pi and then select all here and paste in the new code. All right let's talk about what this code is doing. So again we're using fast API. We've got only one function which is what will get called if someone requests this route. Uh path this this this route. Uh and what is it going to do? It starts by creating a new instance of OpenAI. This is the lightweight Python utility that will wrap a call to OpenAI over the internet. We have a message. The message is our is our prompt that we're going to use. And that prompt is you're on a website that's just been deployed to production for the first time. Please reply with an enthusiastic announcement to welcome visitors to the site, explaining that it's live on production for the first time. So that is the message that we're giving now. You can change this. Feel free to change this to whatever message makes best sense to you for your first true AI deployment, something that's going to generate a message for you. I realize this is hardly a valuable product at this point, but nonetheless, it is, as I promised, a gen AI product on the internet. So we take that message. We put it into the list of dicts that you may be very familiar with, something where there's a role user and the content is the message. This is completely new to you. You might want to check out my LLM engineering course the first couple of weeks just to get the foundations. And then response is client completions create something that's probably very familiar to to to to many of you, the model that we will pick will be the lightest weight version of GPT five, GPT five, nano, and we'll pass in our messages. And for what comes back we will take response dot choices zero. Their only is going to be the one choice. That's that's what you do. And then you call dot message content. And we'll just make one little, little correction to that. If there's any enter a carriage return in there. We'll replace it with an HTML tag for an empty line, a BR slash, so that empty lines will show properly. And then we will make a new new string called HTML, which is going to have something that is probably familiar to most of you, but it has the normal structure of an HTML page with a title live in an instant, and the body will be this reply. That's what we will. We will return. Make sure I think I've already done it instinctively, but you must make sure you save this page. Always, always be alert to saving. Otherwise nothing's going to happen. So save this page and I don't need to look back on the instructions to know what's coming next. What comes next is we're going to type vessel dot and deploy this. Uh, let's see what happens. Okay. Here we go. So let me give us some more room here and let's type vessel dot. And off it goes. Well, it's doing its thing. It's building. Hopefully we are about to have our first AI project live on the internet, and it will have been worth all this fanfare. Okay, there we go. Let's go and have a look at our preview. It's right here. I'm going to command click and open. And here it comes. It's taking a bit of time. And look at this. Let me expand this for you. Ha. Welcome to our brand new site with a lovely emoji. Now live in production for the very first time, we're thrilled to announce that our production deployment is live! This live. This milestone means real users, real data, and our real working product. So GPT five has enthusiastically given this nice introduction. It is perhaps a little bit of a stretch, given that this website doesn't actually add real data or a real working product, but nonetheless, it's full of unbridled enthusiasm, just as we requested. And hopefully you've twisted this. Maybe you've asked for a snarky announcement. Maybe you've you've had something that's very formal, very serious. But whatever. You have seen an LM be called in production and be deployed up here. And you may have noticed, if you were looking, that this isn't actually what vassal considers production. This is what it calls a preview. And there is a way to actually make it be the production version of it. But never fear, we have an entire week ahead of us. We will be getting to all of that. As far as we're concerned, this is on the internet, accessible to anybody, and calls and LM and produces this kind of response. And if you want to make sure that you safeguard that $5 that you put on there, you might want to go back into the vessel settings and make sure that this is only available to, to yourself. That has to go through the vassal authentication. But while you have that authentication off, anyone on the internet will be able to use your first generative AI deployment.

@@@LECTURE 7 :: Day 1 - Managing API Costs and Environment Setup for Production AI Systems
It's almost a wrap for our first day together on this journey, and I do have two more messages for you. And I know you're bored of messages, but these are important. Please do pay attention to me. First one is about API costs and this is super important. I want to make the point that you are in control of API costs, and you have complete freedom to choose whether you spend nothing or whether you spend something, but also that you are responsible for this as well. Let me tell you what I mean. Most of the things that we do on this course are completely free, as you will see, and I will tell you as we go. Some of them do have a cost, particularly AWS. When we look to build AWS components, some of the stuff is free. With Lambda, you get a huge number of Lambda requests. We won't spend a dime on that, but some of the things do have a small charge associated with them. All in all, for the whole course, everything should be in the region of $5, maybe up to $10 if you just choose to splash out. It could be a bit more if you wanted. Plus, if you choose to register domains, if you want to have something.com or whatever, whatever you choose, then of course there is a fee associated with that. You're probably familiar with that. It depends on the domain you choose. And we'll be going through standard registrars and that is completely optional. Uh, if you want to do it then then it's there. Now, when it comes to the 5 to $10 range that I've quoted for you, should you choose to spend that, this is not something that's guaranteed. Now, look, I get a lot of complaints about people who put down their $5 with OpenAI. It's annoying to have to put something in up front and then draw down against that. But all things considered, I've always actually thought that it's quite a good thing overall that they do it this pay as you go way, because the major cloud providers don't work that way. Providers like AWS and Google Cloud Platform. GCP and Azure don't work that way. You have to enter in a credit card to set up your cloud deployment. And because these are used in earnest by enterprises for major deployments, they don't have something like a drawdown. They don't have like a pay as you go option. And they don't have like a hard floor below which things stop working. That's not how it works. They just build up charges and you can register things like alerts and set various quotas that we will be doing. But there are very few controls in the way of a hard cap. That's not the way it works. And that means that it's not guaranteed that you would stay in any spend bracket. You have to monitor it. And that is something which needs to be your responsibility. Because this is this comes with the territory of working with the professional cloud platforms. It will always be your choice. You can always choose to not spend anything. And where there are some times when I. When I do things that come with a cost, you can skip them and just take the learning. Let me talk to you about them. You learn about them. You know how you'll be able to do them when you work for a company that uses that service, but none of it is required, and plenty of what we cover is free for you to get huge value from this course without spending a penny. The API costs one more time. They need to be your responsibility. I will be showing you how to monitor them and set alerts, but you shouldn't do anything if you're not comfortable with how you'll be able to track what you're spending, and you're not completely comfortable that you're getting the right alerts and will frequently come back and check and make sure that it's set up the way we want. And we'll go into the various control panels, as you must do to regularly. So one more time, I know I've already said this. Unlike OpenAI, most most of the services, when we get to to the to the mainstream cloud deployments or the enterprise scale deployments for real production infrastructure. They will have alerts, but they won't have caps. And it's your responsibility to be monitoring API spend and make sure you stay within your comfortable limits. Okay, one final topic for today, and it's a funny one. Uh, so look, I just wanted to make this point. My other courses, the first couple of days of activities on them involve setting up environments, configuration, setting up keys, installing software, setting up APIs and the like. And I got to tell you that whereas it's about it's less than 20% of the time, it's where I get about 80% of my questions. And I got to tell you that out of all of my questions, some of my questions are people asking interesting, intriguing aspects of of using Llms. And they tend to be very, very friendly and happy. But the questions that come from the environment setup part tend to be the less happy of my questions. It tends to be people who are super frustrated and they're just banging their head against a wall and they're saying, I'm about to give up with this, I blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, and and people get really angry. There was one person that was really mad at me for a long time, uh, because the OpenAI API key wouldn't work. He was absolutely furious. And we we sort of like like I was telling him that we need to be patient. There's going to be a good explanation at the end of it. But he wasn't having it. He was he was convinced. I think there was something wrong with the course or something. And in the end, I get him to send me a screenshot of his M file. Uh, although he didn't want to do that. Uh, but I thought we had to get to that point, and I saw that he had misspelled OpenAI API key as open API key. Actually, lots of people have done that. It's an easy, like a mind trick to get into. And once you've done it, you can't. You don't see it. Uh, and when I gently pointed it out to him, I mean, he was just furious. Still, he was annoyed. Some some Somehow I feel like it was my fault that this had happened. But anyways, my point is people are mean when it comes to environment set up. People hate it. It is. It is frustrating and painful. And the thing is that this course is all about setting up and configuring and keys and installations. And when you have like different agents running MCP servers and being able to talk to each other, that might sound like it's a lot of juicy coding and it is juicy, but the juicy part is a lot of configuration stuff, and that's where things go wrong. So basically we've got four weeks ahead, which is almost like four weeks of environment setup. So I'm mentally preparing myself for tons of questions from people who are perhaps not not not as happy as they have been on others. And so that that's something for you also to be mentally prepared for. And in fact, I tell you this from bitter personal experience because I've spent the last few weeks, building the projects that we'll be doing together over the next four weeks. And I can tell you that I had some maddening moments. There were times when I made simple typos like I didn't. I made a mistake with US East one, and I left out one of the hyphens. I looked straight through it and it took hours to track that down because the error messages were obscure. I couldn't see it. Uh, and I'm sure people will make the same OpenAI API key mistake and it will be challenging. And I also made a mistake with a much more complex issue, where I built a binary on my Mac and I was deploying it to AWS, and it was failing because the system architectures were different. But the message was some message do with pedantic, which seemed like it was something that was more application related. And so I went went off track and this one took me days. So these problems can be very thorny too. And everyone will have a different problem related to their setup. A big part of the learning is getting the skill of being able to track down what is it that's causing this particular issue, especially in times when the error messages can be quite misleading. And so with that, this brings me to my terms of service. These are the terms that I ask you to accept. Five terms please. The first of them is that I want you to commit to embracing each of these roadblocks to to take them with enthusiasm, with a positive attitude as much as is possible. It's where the real learning happens. These are super frustrating at the time. I know I've been cussing away for the last few weeks, but it's where the learning happens and even the pros hit these things too. The trick is to to to develop the kinds of techniques and skills to be able to quickly identify what the problem is, and that comes with practice. Secondly, I need you to agree that when you do hit these problems, you will roll up your sleeves and dig in. This is an opportunity to do some research, to experiment, post on Stack Overflow, post on the on the forum itself where you're experiencing the problem. Uh, try and see what you can do to figure out what's going on, because everyone's situation is a bit different and it's going to take you doing some, some deep research to figure out what's at the root of the problem. Use LMS. For sure. LMS are great at this stuff. You can paste, you can paste, stack traces, or paste error messages into ChatGPT or Claude and they will often give great advice. But here's the thing sometimes they will not give great advice. There are a number of traps of using LMS. They have blind spots. They need to be reminded what the current date is, so that they give you answers that pertain to the current date. They constantly give you old versions of model names, and you should verify everything they suggest by making sure you understand it and maybe asking another LLM. One of the common traps with Llms is that when you give them a stack trace, they tend to try and apply like a bandaid on top of the current problem, rather than thinking what's the root cause? What's the bigger issue at play here? So for example, in the previous issue that I mentioned to you when I was having a problem because I built a binary on on my Mac, I had tried putting that stack trace with pedantic in it into an LLM, and the advice that I got was very much about trying to correct for this pedantic issue. And to start with, I was thinking, this feels a bit weird, but okay, we'll go along with this. And we went off down a huge rabbit hole of building all of this stuff. And when I when I was realizing that it was trying to to build and compile a ton of things on on Lambda, I had to to say, hey, stop, wait a minute, hang on. But this is working for me locally. It works fine, and it's only when I deploy that something goes wrong. What you're doing right now would also affect what I'm doing locally. So it can't make sense that that will address the root cause of this problem. And it was only when I really went through that, that conversation with the LM that we got eventually to the right outcome. Uh, I can tell you I kind of I found myself losing my temper with the LM, which is some, some weird thing that that goes on these days. One tends to get quite, quite, uh, it's easy to have quite an emotional reaction to the LM, but I got furious with why it was trying to, to to to put these Band-Aids around. Pedantic. You may find that happens to you too, but always, always keep in mind that it's all about the context. The more information you give the LM about the situation, the better it will be able to address it. And you need to remind it. Don't just try and fix this immediate error message. Try and think about what's the root cause, what's the underlying problem that's getting us here. Let's address the root cause, the bigger picture problem, not just try and work around the current exception. That's super important context.

@@@LECTURE 8 :: Day 1 - Course Expectations and Community Support for Production AI
And the fourth term, you, uh, sign up for the fact that if you post issues on Udemy, I will. I will always try and help. Uh, but it's going to be not I'm not going to be as good as I've been with my other courses because it's much harder. My other course is typically when people post problems, it's about the code and I can reproduce it, I can recreate it, and I can fix problems pretty quickly. But if I'm not able to reproduce, if you have some problem which is pertains to your environment and your setup and your accounts, then I won't be able to recreate it in the same way. And I can maybe give some pointers and some hints, but it's going to be much harder for me to say you need to do x, Y, and Z. It's not going to be that easy. Uh, so the the definitely do post to me and I will do my best, but recognize that it's going to be much harder for me to help you than usual, and so you will need to stick at it for longer than before. Uh, and uh, there might come a point when you when you decide, all right, I've invested enough in this, you know, if it's if it's Azure, you might think I don't I don't care that much about this. We're only spending a day on Azure. I'm just going to go onto GCP and do that. So that's always a possibility. You can listen to the videos and take it in if if you really hit a roadblock. But but do try and stick at it as long as possible. Um, and do post as much as you can on Udemy, including when you find a resolution for other people. And on that note, please do also look out for other things that other students have posted on Udemy. There's a huge benefit of crowds in this. We each have slightly different systems. We might hit different problems, and if you've hit one and found a solution to it, post it on Udemy in the Q&amp;A. And also look out for anyone else that's struggling with that that you might be able to help with. That would be so valuable. More, more than ever before. More than more than any of my other courses. This is one where the community can really count. So please do do think about that. Do do keep an eye on the Udemy Q&amp;A A and see if you can't help out other people who are stuck. So at this point, I'm very excited to pilot a new feature in Udemy. A new feature which allows allows for more interaction between you and the course. Um, what I'd like to do is I'd like you to review these five terms, and I'm now going to activate this feature. And what I need to ask you to do is actually your computer is now now has audio activated. And I need you to say out loud I agree. Once you've read this to confirm that you sign up for these terms and that you are agreeing to do this. So if you can now just just say say out loud, I agree. Uh, so so if you said it then then then you didn't say it loudly enough. If you wouldn't mind saying it again. But but a bit louder and say I agree so that this advances to the next step. I don't suppose anyone fell for that. But, but but the idea was, the idea was that maybe someone says I agree out loud and that's great. That's what I want. That's what I want to hear. You've just agreed to the fact that you will do these five things on this list, and that's all I ask for. Uh, so whether or not you actually said it out loud, uh, and, uh, I'm sure. Sure. You saw I was heading with that. Uh. Thank you. Uh, thank you for agreeing to the terms. It's so important. That's what it will take for this course to be successful. And I'm very grateful. And enough of this nonsense. Uh, let's let's let's wrap up and to wrap up, finally, just just to point out that I'm available to to help and to connect with you if you're not thoroughly fed up with me for my silly joking around, uh, you can reach me on Udemy in the Q&amp;A. And as I say, I will always reply and I'll always reply quickly, but it might be harder for me to help you with this course, but I'll do my best. You can reach me by email, which is another great way to reach me. There's my email address right there. And I'm on LinkedIn. And if you could forgive me for for my silliness, uh, then please do LinkedIn with me. I love connecting with people. Uh, some people are very coy about connecting with them and say, if you connect with me, then say how you know me or something. I'm not like that at all. If you connect with me, I'll connect back happily. And if you say hi, I'll say hi back. And, uh. So for sure, please do connect with me if you're willing. And I love I love building this community and being part of it and having lots of data scientists and engineers connected with me. And so you can use LinkedIn to connect, of course, to ask questions. But also, importantly, you can post the projects that we build on this course and your assignments, uh, on LinkedIn to, to the people that you're connected with. And then tag me if you wish. Uh, and say something about about, uh, make some comment about it and then I will weigh in and add to that. And that's a great way to share the progress that you're making with all the other people on the course that are also connected with me, that get to see it, and also by by adding some comments, I can help to amplify the projects that you're building and it showcases your expertise to larger audiences. And that's something that might draw the attention of a future, uh, future client of yours, or perhaps even a future employer. Let me bring back up the curriculum, the four week curriculum. Now, with the first day highlighted to show that it's been completed, you have finished day one. We have deployed our first rather simple AI app. Uh, but it's nice and I hope you're proud of it. We have many, many more to come. And with that, that means that you are now 5% complete, 5% on this journey to being able to deploy generative AI and Agentic AI into production. And I tell you, I could not be more excited to be on this journey with you. We have so much great stuff ahead of us and that all begins with day two tomorrow. I'll see you then.

@@@LECTURE 9 :: Day 2 - Building Full-Stack AI Apps: Frontend-Backend Architecture for LLMs
Well, if you're still here, that means you haven't been completely put off by day one, which was quite a marathon day. And you're here back for day two of Genii and Agentic AI in production. So what do I have in store for you today? We're going to be talking about the front end and the back end, putting them together to make a full stack application. And I gotta tell you, we are hardly going to scrape the surface of what it takes to write a front end. I imagine some of you are actually front end engineers on this course, looking to get more well rounded. And for you, the next few slides are going to be kind of easy for some of you. You might be completely new to front end engineering. I'm just going to cover the basics to give you a framework, to give you the intuition for what it is that goes on when you build the front end side of a web application. I'm going to ask you to review the code to look at what I'm doing, get an LLM to explain it if you don't understand it. They're also amazing at generating front end code. Use this to give you the foundation of what's going on. When you build a front end and a back end to work together. And just to start with some definitions. So obviously when we say front end, we're referring to the code that runs in the user's browser, a combination of HTML for the structure of the page, CSS, the stylesheets for the appearance of the page, and then JavaScript which is used, for example, for what happens when a button is clicked, or for making animations move. It's the interactivity of the page, and then the back end is the business logic running on the server. It includes database access, calling LMS, potentially calling other APIs, storing your secrets and the like. And so your typical web application, of course has a front end and a back end. The front end makes API calls to the back end by hitting a particular URL, which we call a web endpoint, hits that URL that calls the backend code. The backend generates some content, and it returns it to the front end, typically in the form of a JSON object, and the front end collects that JSON object and uses that to make some changes to the UI. There is another way. The back end is sometimes called, which is that it can be called to to create an entire web page, to serve up a whole web page to the front end. So the front end might call my home page. And when when that that URL is called, the server generates the entire home page front end code and passes that back to the browser. So that's a second way that servers back end code is used. And we'll be doing both of them in our labs. And now you may be wondering how does Gradio fit into this? If you've taken my other courses, you'll know that I'm a huge fan of Gradio. I use it a lot to build quick UIs that look great, uh, in my opinion. And you might be wondering, okay, so so where does the front end back end of gradio? Well, here's the answer. So Gradio is a back end framework, but confusingly, Gradio is able to generate front end code, and that's kind of kept kept behind the scenes for us. We write, we describe a UI with Python, and Gradio generates the front end for us when it's serving up that user interface. So that's why when you're using Gradio, it's a kind of front end, back end in one, because the back end code is able to generate the front end code. We won't be using Gradio in this course because we're doing stuff for reals. We're going to be building real front ends and back ends. So I just want to talk about the progression of different technologies that have happened over time. When it comes when it comes to front end code, the front end landscape, it started off some time ago that we would all be writing vanilla HTML web pages, and still some people do. There's something very satisfying about doing this, but this is where you just have basic HTML code to describe a web page. You write your own CSS to do the styling, and you have JavaScript. And typically people use lightweight, low level frameworks, libraries like like jQuery. That just simplifies some of the stuff that you have to write with JavaScript. And a lot of what you're doing when you write JavaScript at this level is playing around with something called the Dom stands for Document Object Model, and this is the kind of JavaScript model that represents the web page that's being rendered in the browser, so that you can do things like navigate around in the code to find a button, and then do something like change its color or with JavaScript code so that that model of what the web page looks like in the browser's screen is known as the Dom. And next came the JavaScript front end frameworks, an abstraction layer to make it quicker and more reusable to build sophisticated web pages. And there's a zoo of these frameworks. The most popular by far is react that I'm sure you've heard of. There's also Vue and Angular and Svelte. And there's a bunch of others, and they're all about building UIs from reusable components that you can kind of plug and play together so that you can construct quite sophisticated UIs quite quickly. And most of the time when you're working with a framework like react, you're building what's known as a single page application spa. And that's referring to the fact that typically, even though as a user, it feels like you're clicking around lots of different web pages, the whole of that react application, as it's called, all of the the content, the front end code behind it is loaded up once when you first hit the first URL, and then from that point onwards, when you're clicking around the application, you're typically making a series of API calls to the server, but it's all running effectively the same web page, even though it appears to redraw itself in different ways and it feels like you're navigating around, it's all just the same client code that's running there. The react application. And so that's that's what Spa means. And you do hear that a lot. Now react and the others come in two flavors. There's a JavaScript flavor a JavaScript variant which which it began with. And then there's a more modern TypeScript variant which is react using the language TypeScript, the sister language to JavaScript, which is a strongly typed version of JavaScript. And if you're not sure what that means, then then ask ChatGPT. It will explain it brilliantly. All right. And the final step in this progression is to explain the application frameworks which which came next and which are the the most recent part of this story. And they are things like Next.js, which is what we will be using. Uh, and this is really because when you're using something like react, react is super flexible and it's quite bare bones. It doesn't come with a lot of the stuff, like the code to to handle validations of forms on a web page, and the code to do things like routing between different sections of your app. And the assumption is if you're using react, that you pick and choose which framework you want to add together. And that's that's really that's great. It means you can have a lot of flexibility in what kind of app you want to build, but it also means there's a lot of different options. And people have built react apps in lots of different ways. And next is an example of a higher level framework built on top of react that bundles together a bunch of useful frameworks so that you don't need to make lots of different decisions. You can just use next and go. So it has routing and data fetching. It also has this this idea called server side rendering that we'll talk more about later. Uh, and and others. It comes with a bunch of tools built into it. Uh, and it's very quick to get started. So that is Next.js. And that completes the narrative of the kind of three tiers of technology that have formed modern front end development.

@@@END_BATCH