@@@LECTURE 18 :: Day 3 - Adding Authentication and Billing to Production AI Applications
So now we're going to update our code to expect this. So in the products page we're going to make an update so that it knows to check that uh that, that we are uh, subscribed to the product before we use it. So this is product, uh, let's take all of this. It's, uh, there's quite a lot to it now, as you can see, uh, product TSX, which is under pages. Here we go. Product select all paste it in and you can see what's if you take a look here uh, you can see this this protect tag here. Protect element um which says which is tied to the plan premium subscription. So this needs to match exactly the plan ID that you set up in Clark. If you didn't use premium subscription, then whatever you did use must go here. Uh, then there's a fallback to pick a different plan, uh, and a pricing table, but otherwise, uh, the this is all this fallback is what happens if if the protection fails. But if the protection succeeds, then it will have the idea generator will be shown. And the idea generator is basically what comes up here. It is this object here, idea generator, which is itself the user interface that we're used to for our product. So this I am going to save right now okay. And finally we're going to update the landing page with some of the subscription information. So that landing page is indexed. So I take what I've got here. And we are going to paste that into Index.ts select all paste save. And if you look through this you'll see a few things to look out for. Um this is if you're if you are signed in, um, and this is where the subscription information, the pricing preview is laid out. Uh, so you'll see that there's some information in there. But all in all, it's very simple. Anyone that's built like a subscription system before is probably used to this being a lot of work, taking a lot of time, and it's pretty neat that this is all fairly easy as long as it works, see if it works. Uh, so there is one, um, section here. And if you wanted to, how you could connect stripe if you wanted to go. Really? For reals. But we're not going to do that. We're just going to keep the test billing provider. But but as I say, that's certainly, uh, up to you should you wish to have a proper payment system. But given this, we are now going to deploy this to production and see whether or not in just a day, just a few hours, we have built something which has subscription plans, attached a billing system as well as the user authentication system too. So we'll give it a minute to build and then we'll go and give it a whirl. Okay. And here I go. I'm going in to launch the production application. Here it comes. Uh, and it comes up right away with the, uh, the nice little panel here. Now, you can see that that hard coded in index in this sort of preview where the prices which don't actually match what I, what I put in the back end. So we need to update this to show whatever pricing you actually put in, Clark. In this case $100 a month. Uh, this is not being generated by Clark, but but you'll see that there is another one that is, uh. And I can now sign in. I can come in with my Google account, and here we go and continue. And we are in. But when I go to access premium, first of all, if I click here, I can see there's a manage account. And uh, right here, if I go to billing, you'll see that I am already a premium subscriber because I tested this already and I subscribed. And it's got a fake visa number in there because we're on the test version so we can set this up. And, uh, this is all all set up, and I've paid them and you'll see that that detail is all there. So this is my account profile, which is all set up. And I can now press Access Premium features because I'm logged in and because I'm logged in and I'm a paid subscriber, I get through to the product itself. It's all working. It's generating the business idea. And let's see what happens at the end of this. As GPT five is, uh, furiously figuring out what to do. See if we get the same, same idea again. We have got nice headings this time, which is good to see. Uh, autonomous next agent Nexus, agent studio, autonomous AI agent network for SMB automation. It seems to be the same, same idea with a slightly different framing of it. Uh, but it looks great. I like the look of this. Uh, it all seems to be working very nicely indeed. Hopefully you've had to subscribe first and then you've got this. Uh, but I think, uh, you will hopefully be impressed by how straightforward it's been to add subscription functionality to our AI product. So let's also try and sign in with a new account that doesn't have a subscription plan. So if I press sign in, I'll go in with an Apple authentication, try and sign in to my Apple account. I'll need to enter my Apple ID, uh, which which is just my Gmail account. There it is. Uh, Apple.com fill in. Uh, and, uh, I can continue with passcode and do this. Okay. And let's see what happens. Now I'm getting two factor authentication. Hang on. Oh, I can just allow it myself. Uh, um, and, uh, enter this verification code. This is a bit. So 632102. 632102. Verifying trust. Okay. Done there. Uh, let's do hide my email for a very subtle reason, which is that Clark is smart enough. If I shared my email, uh, my gmail gmail.com, Clark will recognize that I've already signed in with Google auth, and it will just associate all these authors and it won't create a new user ID. So I have to do this to make sure that I get signed in as a new user. Here we go. Oh verify human. And we're back over here. So it's saying that the premium subscription again it's showing this and I press on choose my plan and we get this screen here, which is where we can choose the free version or the premium subscription. And I can press subscribe. And if I do this, it comes up with a pay, with a test card, with a card number. And I can then choose this rather expensive. Maybe we should come out of this and just do do a monthly instead. So we'll come out of the checkout. We'll go to billed monthly $100 a month. What a bargain. Press subscribe for $100 a month. And now we do pay with test card. Pay $100. Uh, and you can see it's got the test card number. Press that. And payment was successful from the test card. Continue. And now we're in access premium features. And we've just subscribed to the plan. Uh, we first of all, we authenticated with my Apple ID, which is kind of cool to see all of that working perfectly. Then we came in, we subscribed, and we've gotten ourselves a business idea because we're paying the $100 a month. Uh, what a great bargain. $100 a month for this idea. And that is showing the complete new user sign up flow and the and the subscribing flow. All working with our clerk app. Well, that was a lot that we went through. I hope you enjoyed that. I was a little bit, uh, flummoxed by the Apple signing process, but happy that it worked, uh, and that you saw everything coming together as a quick summary of what we just just saw when the user visits the slash product, uh, part of our application clerk is checking our subscription status. If we don't have a subscription, it's showing that pricing table component. Those that that thing you saw with the two prices side by side was generated by clerk, not by us. We wrote the code that was on the landing page with the wrong price. Uh, but we wrote that code. The one we saw with the table with the right price was generated by clerk. Uh, if they already have a subscription, we just show the idea generator. But if not, then. Then we go through a payment flow which is handled by clerk billing. And there was that test approach to user test card. But it could be done with real billing and it could be optionally through stripe. And then users can also manage the subscriptions. You saw that earlier when I went in as my main user. So that was a lot that we got done. And again, I know I've said this several times, but it's true. This is the kind of thing that used to take so long to do. This would be a several month project, typically for several people to build the whole user authentication with social auth, and then build in something like stripe integration. And Clark makes that super easy. And there are there are several others like it. So, uh, hopefully you now feel like you can use that for your own apps and you know, how to deploy in production with subscription and with, uh, the different subscription plans and user authentication. And that's it. That concludes day three of the course. We've just done both parts of it, authentication and subscription. And it went so quickly. If you feel like it was a bit overwhelming, go back through. Read the code. You only need to feel a flavor for what's going on with the front end code, but you need to have a good sense of how it all fits together. So do take a look through it. Make it your own. Change it up. Push it out there. Post on LinkedIn. If you post these things on LinkedIn and tag me, then I'll weigh in. Of course I'll give it a try myself. I love doing that. I give, I give people's apps that post up with me on LinkedIn all the time, and I'd love to see yours. So. So please do that tomorrow. We're going to then change this to actually have some business functionality. Again, it's going to be super simple for now. But but your mission is going to be to make it more sophisticated. And we're going to pick healthcare. It's a super interesting vertical where there's so much opportunity to apply AI. It's coming up tomorrow. For now, you need to take a moment to celebrate that you are 15% on your way to production expertise. 15% you are crushing it. We're going through it so fast and I will see you for day four tomorrow.

@@@LECTURE 19 :: Day 4 - Building Your First Commercial AI App: From Prototype to Business
And welcome back. Welcome to day four of week one. And first thing I want to mention is a little detail that maybe I've already mentioned it, but uh, the when when I start with these intro and outro slides, the strip of color that you see here is a cue for what kind of day it's going to be. This is a blue day, which means it's a day about project work, about commercial projects, about applications of AI. And we're going to use this to turn our app into a business app. It's going to be a very simple business app, but the idea will be for you to take it as a springboard to build in more functionality and make it something juicier, but it's going to be applied to healthcare. Uh, that is the game of the day. Uh, so first of all, I do want to to bring you back to that reminder of the agreement that you made with me, the agreement that that, uh, that hopefully some of you verbalized and as such, it is a binding commitment, which is that you wouldn't get frustrated with environment issues. You're probably getting a flavor for how much of this course is going to be about setup. It's not like we're going to be doing as much coding. In fact, so far it's been, except at the very beginning, it's mostly copy and paste, because much of what we're doing with production deployments is going to be platform engineering, configuring stuff, setting it up, and things will go wrong. On my current courses, I get hundreds of questions, sometimes. Sometimes like 100 a day on stuff like environment variables being wrong. At least that's what it turns out to be. Uh, or there was someone that a lot of people have problems connecting to an API that sends emails and that someone's getting really frustrated. It turned out it was to do with some privacy limitations that his company had with a VPN so that they couldn't make a secure outbound connection. So each of these problems has come up with relatively little environment configuration in my other courses. This course is going to have a lot of it. So you do need to have a lot of, uh, petrol in the tank to put up with the grief. You're going to get setting up environments. Just remember that's that's part of the fair. That's building expertise in production and deployments involves a lot of bashing your head against a wall with environment errors until you figure them out. And that is a skill that you get better and better at. I'm here to tell you that, uh, every time that you, you spend several hours trying to debug something, which ends up there's always some silly explanation at the end of it. It's so frustrating when you find that, but you'll be better prepped next time to debug. So that's part of the skills. All right. And so I'm here to tell you that first of all do keep an eye on the docs. Uh, I try and document everything very carefully. And you'll find that the documentation for what to do will change from what I show you in the videos, because I'm going to be constantly updating it with the latest stuff. So please don't be alarmed if the instructions don't look identical to what I do on the course. Because as people hit problems in different systems and different environments, I'll try and add that to the course. Look out for extra troubleshooting tips that get added in. Keep experiment yourself when you hit a roadblock, keep trying and ask LMS, but always verify what they tell you. Don't trust LMS off the bat. They ask two different LMS or make sure it explains its reasoning to you. As I said before, they tend to go with the most obvious bandaid to a particular problem and not not take a step back and think of root causes and try your best not to get frustrated. That was the commitment that you made to me. Uh, and uh, also, I do want to mention again that that, uh, as we hit rabbit holes, as you come up with things that you don't know about, uh, don't don't let that get you confused. Embrace it as an opportunity. I threw in there mention of JWT. You should go and Google that if you're interested. Stripe. If you're new to that, then find out more about what stripe is and what it does and why it is so greatly loved and server side routing. I mentioned briefly at one point that's something you could look into. It's a very modern, popular technique and it's worth learning more about it if it interests you. And there will be many more things like this where we are just going to scratch the surface of what you could find out about. There's so many different ways that I could explore things in more depth, and I'm sticking to the the main line here, but you can explore others and experiment, add things in and submit stuff. Link to it in Community Contributions with your your notes on what you've discovered. Okay. With that, it's time for us to build our healthcare app. Uh, shown here by our astronaut who we've been following, uh, wearing a stethoscope. Uh, um, so our healthcare app is going to start by being something very simple, which you can then use to build up. But the idea is that we want to build an app to be used in doctors offices. Something that's quite common is that doctors, uh, take, uh, have, have a consultation with a patient and they take down some rough notes and those rough notes. Need some actions taken as a result? Maybe something has to be, some prescription has to be filed, and then an email has to be sent to the patient giving a summary of what was discovered from that, that appointment. And that's a whole ton of administrative work. And so this is going to be a SaaS app to be used by doctors offices so that the doctor's notes can be put into a field, and it will generate the to do's and the email to go to the patient in a professional way that could then be copied and pasted by the practice into to an email, to the client, to the patient. That's that's the story. That's what we're going to build. You can see it's pretty simple. It's quite a natural extension of what we've already built. It's just got one call in there. But hopefully you can also see how that is something that could be the foundation of a much more sophisticated healthcare app, should you wish to go in that direction. Okay. And with that, it's time for us to go to the lab, go back to Casa and get going with our first commercial project. See you there.

@@@LECTURE 20 :: Day 4 - Building Healthcare AI Apps with FastAPI and Structured Prompts
And welcome back to cursor. And here we are in the Sass project I open up the week one guides. These will be in the production repo as well. And I'm going to open the preview on day four. So we get to see what we're doing here. We're building a healthcare consultation assistant. As I told you, it's going to take the doctor's consultation notes as input, generate professional summaries, create actionable next steps, uh, draft patient friendly emails. All right. So let's start then with step one. We've got some new front end dependencies to install and we use npm install for that. Let me take this first one here I'll copy that. I'm going to bring up a new terminal. Here it is. And now I'm going to paste that in. There it goes and it installs. And now we'll do the second one here which is the associated types. And I paste that there. And I run and that installs two okay. Now let's hide the terminal. It's time for us to update the backend API. So basically it's the same backend API. Except now we're going to have some more detailed prompting. So let me copy this and paste it in and then we'll talk it through. There it is. Okay. So over we go to the API. And this is something which is going to replace the the index dot pi which is right here. So I select all and I paste. And let me quickly explain this to you. So it's it's very similar to before. We're still using OpenAI. Uh and the main difference here is that we have a bigger system prompt. You're provided with notes written by a doctor from a patient's visit. Your job is to summarize the visit for the doctor and provide an email reply with exactly three sections with the headings. And here are the three sections. Now, uh, the people from, say the, the uh, my agent of course, will know well that a nicer way of doing this will be to have it reply with structured outputs, and then take that JSON and return it to the front end. But I want to take things a step at a time. If you if you want to update this to use structured outputs and to respond with JSON, that would be a much better implementation and I would encourage you to do so. But for now we're just going to have it respond in markdown with these headings. Um, and uh, so then otherwise things are very similar. We've changed it from being a get to being a post endpoint. So this is now a post to API. Uh, and uh, also that we've got in addition to the, the creds that we had before, which is the credentials coming from Clark, we have another argument here, visit which is an object of type visit and visit. Here is a pedantic object. That means that it is a subclass of base model. Pedantic base model. Just got to the top. Show you. There we go. There's. It's imported from pedantic import base model. And that means that this is one of these pedantic classes that's used to describe the schema of a Python object. Its purpose is to describe what a Python object which fields it should have. It's similar to a dictionary, except you're using real attributes that have a type. So we've got, in this case a patient name, a date of visit, and notes as the three bits of information here that form this visit object. And we've got that here as the first argument for this endpoint. And the magic of fast API is that when you do it this way, fast API just builds the right route and expects the right JSON object to be provided in this post, and it will automatically populate this Pydantic object. Visit with all of the right fields, so you don't need to worry about how this JSON object comes in the request, and how to pluck out the values and put them into a Python object. Fast API handles all of that for you, and that's why people love it. Okay, so with that out we can just use visit in our code. This user prompt for populates the the information um and the the patient's name date of visit and their notes. And that is what we will send to uh, to to GPT five nano. The system prompt that we wrote above the user prompt, which has got all these details that were passed in in the visit object, and then we stream back results exactly as we did before. Nothing else has changed. Okay. And now we're on to changing the front end. First of all, before we change the the actual pages themselves, we're going to update those two front end files and documents to to reflect some of the changes here. So start with app TSX. Let's go to find app TSX and pages. There it is. And replace here. And all we've done is added in this import. We're importing something called React Date picker which is something that we just npm installed which is going to give us a date picker, a calendar. And it just this is a great example of how easy it is to get off the shelf react components to add something like a date picker to your web page. In the days before react, it would be a chore to have a date picker. There would be a lot of JavaScript involved in that. And now it's it's it's just so easy. All right. Back here again. And now we're going to go to the document TSX. And we're going to use that change the page title and heading. Here's document dot TSX. Let's paste. There we go. AI powered medical consultation summaries. Healthcare consultation assistant. Okay. And now back to the instructions. And now the meat of the front end changes. We're going to update the products with our new product. And I will take all of this. And now there's a fair bit more uh, front end code can look quite unwieldy sometimes. There's a, there's a there's a lot to it. Uh, but much of this is boilerplate. Go over to product TSX and replace everything with our new product. Let's just take a look at a few things, but this is an exercise for you to look through it. So there's this idea of of of state which are the variables which are front end. Depends on that. React will automatically refresh the relevant parts of the UI as state changes. And we've got a patient name, a visit date and notes. Um, and then we've got stuff to do with the streaming, which as much as we had it before, uh, and, uh, this is how we're handling the streaming back. And then this is where we have these forms for the patient name, the date of visit, the consultation notes. You can see this is you can see how how very easy to read these react components are. It's a text area. It's called notes. It's required. It's got eight rows. Um, and uh, it's got, got all of the information here. I also want to show you the date picker. The date picker. This is the react component that we've taken off the shelf for picking dates. And you just say you want a date picker and you, you give it the, the information that you need. Um, okay. And, and this is the, the, the main part of it, this is where it has the title, the heading, the pricing table as this is sorry, this is the fallback if we're not, uh, signed in and this is the form if we are. Okay. So that is the front end code updated. We're closing in. We've got one step to go.

@@@LECTURE 21 :: Day 4 - Deploying Your Complete AI Healthcare App to Production on Vercel
Okay. The last big change for the front end then is the landing page. So this is pages indexed. Here we go. And it's mostly just the reframing of what this is about. So let's take this. Here it is. Copy that. So we're going to index dot TSX. Paste. Save. Let's take a look at this. Uh it's got um, uh, just just better formatting. You can take a look through the tailwind CSS classes. It's got a nice heading. It's got the usual stuff you'll see here that there's like, um, the signed out section is what you see. If the user is signed out, the signed in is what you see if the user is signed in. And this is where it links to the slash product. Um, and it's got some footer in the end which it says, it claims that this is HIPAA compliant, secure and professional, which is not HIPAA compliant. But this is of course, a demo. So you'll forgive me for this, uh, extra, uh, pieces to it. I'm sure whatever you build will be, uh. Okay. So, um, I think with this, let's go back to the instructions and see what we've got left to do. Oh, yes. We just have one tiny thing. We did include pedantic classes there. So we have to add pedantic to our requirements.txt. So that's not going to work. So back here that would have been a gotcha if we'd forgotten to do that. Save that. Be sure. Remember, if you see that white dot there, you have to save it. If you don't save it, then then everything will will fail horribly. Uh, hopefully you have saved it. Which means that all that's left for us to do is vercel dash, dash, prod. Can it really be this easy? Uh. We'll see. So we will do prod. We'll let that run. And I will speak to you in a second. Okay? So it's time for us to try this out. Let's go to production. Let's see. Here it goes. Opening it up. And here's our landing page. Nice, right. It's very professional looking. Transform your consultation notes, professional summaries, action items, patient emails. Very clear and Midi notes. Pro is what it's called. And here are those HIPAA compliant that you should take off if you're going to take this anywhere and press sign in. And I'm going to log in as myself. Here we go. This is already authenticated. Continue using Clerks user authentication I can look at my profile up here. Go to Manage Account. And I can see under billing that I've got my payment method set. And my subscription is a premium subscription $1,080 a year and a bargain at that price. And in we go. Let's go to app. Let's get started. This is the professional looking consultation notes application and the patient's name. At Donna the date of visit up comes this beautiful pop up, a date picker. This would be hard work in the old days, but now it's just adding in a react component. We'll pick today's date. Um, Ed complained of a headache. I told him to take two Tylenol and come back in two days if it hasn't gone away. There we go. That's our very casual doctor's notes. And now we press the Generate Summary button, which turns light blue. It's now making a post API request to that API route, which is our fast API server. It's passing in a JSON of this form, and fast API is bringing that in as pedantic. And before I can even finish this explainer, we get back the results summary for the doctor's records editor Donna chief complaint headache assessment plan documentation shows a headache without any explicit diagnosis or workup noted. Plan documented as analgesic management with acetaminophen, which is, uh, the proper name for Tylenol. Uh, Panadol for the Brits. Uh, two tablets now with instruction to return in two days if symptoms have not resolved. So super professional medical terminology and next steps for the doctor. We've got information here. Here's the draft of the email to go back to me. Hi Ed. Thank you for coming today about your headache. Here's the plan. We discussed medication. Please take two Tylenol acetaminophen. Now following directions on the package. Uh, if the headache does not improve in about two days, please contact the clinic or come back for a follow up. Uh, so, anyway, uh, with the details at the end, you can see it's. This is polished. It's worked. It's a nice healthcare app. Uh, we we we did what we intended, and it was so very easy. I hope you enjoyed this. I hope you have fun with it. And, of course, remember the main to do for you is that consider this just to be your canvas on which you can build. It doesn't need to just give this summary and an email. It could do all sorts of things. And for people that want to, to to really experiment with it, you could also, if you've taken my LM engineering course and you know about things like taking audio making, you can make this multimodal and have it so it could listen in to the doctor's visit or take a recording from it and then build the notes or the summary. For people that have done my course, you could have it so that it emails this to the practice, perhaps using SendGrid or resend SendGrid, or resend it could email it automatically so that that email can be forwarded direct to the patient. All of those ideas would be cool, and you could have them be features which are only exposed in Clark for people that are paid a particular subscription tier. So I hope you enjoy that and I will see you back for the wrap up.

@@@LECTURE 22 :: Day 4 - Building a Production Healthcare AI SaaS with Streaming LLMs
Well, that's not bad for four days work. We've got quite a lot done. We started by building a front end using it's a react front end built with the Next.js application framework. It's we've used the TypeScript flavor of it rather than the vanilla JavaScript. We use the pages router rather than the app router. And we're rendering on the client side, not on the server side. And we use tailwind as our for CSS for styling. And it was it was great. It was so easy. We also built a backend using fast API. And most recently we used a Pydantic object as the argument to a fast API route. And that way we were able to make it so that when the client posts a JSON object, it automatically gets packaged into the right kind of object on the server side. Very easy to define APIs using fast API. We've then deployed using Vercel, the AI cloud deployment platform. Uh, that is also responsible for creating the Next.js framework. Uh, we've deployed on Vercel. We deployed briefly to dev, if you remember, when we did Vessel Dev, we just had a sort of. Front end only app. We also deployed to preview by doing vessel dot and then to. Production by doing vessel prod and that's deployed on the internet. Available to anyone over SSL. If you saw that we were it was a proper secure. Website. Um, and uh, we, we did all of that just with a couple of commands. We use clerk to authenticate users and to have different subscription plans, and we built a little healthcare app that could easily be extended to being quite a powerful assistant for a medical office. And that's very much my ask for you. You should take this as a springboard. You should add in functionality, try and make this into something, maybe something that you really feel could be monetized, something that a medical office might pay for. And then for sure you can use your clerk functionality. You can actually promote it out there and see if you can make some revenue from this. That's the idea showing you how easy it is to build an actual SaaS app that you could then charge for And maybe I should mention by the by perhaps that at the same time as doing this, we also did actually call an LLM. There were some AI involved here. We called an LLM and we streamed back results. There was AI behind the scenes. And the point that I do want to make is that the AI is a bit of a side note here. All of the learning, everything that you've learned this week about quickly deploying an app that you could monetize on the internet. Everything that you've learned here has really been core platform, uh, engineering, DevOps kind of work of configuration and deployment and understanding all of the nuts and bolts of having an app with a front end and a back end and connected together the LLM call on our server, it could have been anything. It could have been reading a flat file. It's just the same. Um, and so whilst we are trying to look at AI related concerns, we're thinking about things like the open AI API key and streaming back results. Much of what we're learning is generally applicable to building apps. We're just doing it through the AI lens. I hope that makes sense. Okay. So that concludes day for the healthcare SaaS app. And uh, it brings us to day five. And now you may have noticed that day four has been somewhat less than an hour when you often these these are an hour. And I do need to prepare you that tomorrow deployed to AWS is going to be a different kind of deal. There's going to be a lot of sweat tomorrow, so be ready for that. Have make sure that you get plenty of sleep, that you're also in a very patient mood, because using AWS for the first time involves a lot of gritting of teeth, so be prepared for that. The the main the bulk of this course is about deploying apps to the major cloud providers, where they are builds for massive scale in a production way. What we've done so far this week has been the rapid deployment to a platform that is called, like a pass platform, a platform as a service type of platform where it is incredibly quick and easy to get things done, and I wanted to equip you so that you could be starting to build SaaS apps and charging subscriptions for them and making money already. And this ticks the boxes for the entrepreneur in you that wants to be able to do this fast. But most of this course is going to be the the really heavy lifting part of deploying apps that can scale in a big way, like apps running on AWS. And that is what we'll be turning to tomorrow. And as we we go through this, we're going to be taking the same app and deploying it into AWS. And it will give you an opportunity to compare what it's like to deploy a quick to a platform like like Vercel, where we can get things up there fast, versus AWS, where we have so much flexibility and security and monitoring. It's it's industrial grade. So prepare yourself for industrial grade. Prepare yourself for tomorrow. Um, but for now, take a moment to revel in the success of being 20% complete with the course. Uh, and, uh, congratulations. And I will see you tomorrow.

@@@END_BATCH
