@@@LECTURE 1 :: Day 1 - Instant AI Deployment: Your First Production App on Vercel in Minutes
This is a big moment. This is the start of the juiciest course I've ever made. Welcome to the beginning of generative AI and Agentic AI in production week one, day one. The next four weeks are about taking AI and putting it into production, making it production grade. But wait, before we get started, I must stop you right there. It is super important in these kinds of courses to begin with. Objectives, introduction, curriculum, logistics to set you up for success. But no, people have taken my courses before. Know that that is not my style. It's not my jam. We will not start with objectives or introduction or curriculum or logistics. We will start with instant gratification by getting straight into it. Let's go ahead. Before we do any talking, let's deploy something to production right now. And so let's get to it. Instant gratification. We're going to begin in a web page in a GitHub web page at this site it's github.com. And I'm going to put this link wherever I possibly can. So you find it easy to find this link. It should be in the Udemy resources. If you can't find it then you might have to type it in, but it will be there somewhere. Look for it. Editor Donna production. That's the repo in GitHub and go into the folder called week one and then look at the file called day one instant gratification. And let me tell you two things right away. First thing is that what you see when you do this might look different to what I've got in the videos. And that's because I constantly update this as people have any kind of snafus doing this. I will keep it up to date and keep it with the latest information. So what you see when you do this might be richer than what I do here. It will only be improved, so don't worry if it looks a bit different. Also, as we go through these instructions, when you do it, if you have a slightly different experience on a different website, then don't worry about it. It's possible that in different regions, some of these websites look a bit different. It's also possible that they've changed over time. See if it fits. Easy to figure out what you're supposed to do. Just read the cues from the screen and try and just follow along. Figure it out and if not, then message me in Udemy and we'll figure it out together. All right, with that in mind, let's get to instant gratification. We are going to make a production deployment in a matter of minutes. All right. Step one is to sign up for something called vercel. You may be wondering what Vercel is. You'll see it in just a second. Follow this link here to vercel. Let's have a look. Vercel is something which allows you to build and deploy on the cloud. It's an incredibly easy to use cloud infrastructure service that lets you build and scale AI apps and deploy them really, really quickly. All right. The first thing we're going to do is click sign up. Up here it says your first deploy is just a sign up away. I'm going to set I'm working on personal projects. I give myself a name. I say continue and you now get to an authentication screen where you can choose to authenticate using Google, using GitHub, GitLab, if you have that, Bitbucket, if you have that pick your poison, go through, sign up for an account, and then follow the rest of the instructions that are on the GitHub page so that you now have your own Vercel account and you're now hopefully a proud owner of your own Vercel account. Next step is to install the IDE that we will use, which is cursor. Uh, for those that were on my Agentic course you're already very familiar with this. For others, here are the instructions to install cursor. If you'd rather use a different IDE. That's that's totally fine for sure. Uh, any IDE will do. And of course, if you use something like VSCode, cursor is itself a fork of VSCode, as is windsurf, so it will be very familiar to you. basically the same instructions. So visit cursor and over here is cursor. And then you can press the download button. Or for me it's download for Mac OS. If you're on windows you'll see download for windows. And there are then instructions to set up your cursor account. But you're basically selecting the defaults through the installation wizard. And then when you get to the end of that, it will be time to open up cursor in a terminal and create a new project, which you do by clicking on the, the new, uh, and then we will create one called instant. And we'll do that together right now. So when you open up cursor, it might look just like this. Or you might have to go to file and then new window to see it looking just like this. And when it does you press the open project button. And up comes like a dialog like this. And now we want to create our project somewhere. It's normal to have a folder called projects within your home directory. So that's what I'm going to do on a PC. The experience is slightly different. This is a mac, but I'm sure you're used to these these kinds of dialogues to pick and you create projects if you don't have it using the new folder button. And then then what you now do is now that I'm in this, this directory, I'm going to create a new folder and I'm going to call my new folder instant, which is going to be the name of our project right now. Here it is. We're in a folder called instant. And now I say open. And that means that we've created a new fresh project called instant that's ready for us to work in. I'm going to close this screen here, this chat, because we're not going to chat with the AI. We're looking right here at the Instant Project in cursor and looking back at our instructions that are in GitHub. We're now on step three, which is to create a fast API application. I imagine that most of you have come across fast API, but those that haven't. This is a Python server that acts as an app server. So it can it can respond to different web requests by running Python code. And in this case, this is a simple piece of, of a simple server that we'll look on a route, just the slash route. And if something calls that slash route it will return the text live from production. So we can copy this to the clipboard by pressing the little copy symbol there. And we're now going to go back into cursor to create a new file called instant.py. Okay, let's do it. Let's go over to cursor right now. Here it is on the left. Here is this very blank file area. If this isn't showing for you, you might need to go to the view menu to open the explorer to see this. And from here I can right click and say new file and I will call it instant.py instant.py. There it is. And over on the right hand side I'm now going to paste in our code. And there it is. And I'm going to save it. Remember to save people sometimes forget to save files and get super confused when nothing works. Uh, this isn't like a Google doc. You do have to save. It's, uh. I think control s on a windows PC. It's command S on a mac. Be sure to save. You can tell if there's a white blob here that it hasn't saved. Now it has saved. All right. Onwards. Next is an easy one. It's to create a requirements.txt file with this contents. So we copy this file we go back to cursor. Here it is. And now over here we right click new file. We'll call this requirements.txt and our requirements.txt which is where you list your Python package dependencies. And we have two of them fast API itself. And then uvicorn which is going to act as our web server and we save the file. Did you see the blob? See the blobs gone. Command S or control S to save the file. And then we'll go back to the instructions again. Next instruction is to create a file called Vercel. And this is where we tell vessel the The configuration of what it is that we're building. And again, we'll copy it. I'm not going to spend much time going through this. You can check it out, see if you can get some intuition for what it's doing. Vercel dot JSON new file. Vercel dot JSON. There it is and paste in the contents. See the blob that's just there because I haven't saved it. And now I command s ctrl s and it is saved. And you can see here that this JSON has two sections a section on builds and a section on routes that you can see it's going to with, with any anything that's passed in it will be looking at the instant.py Python module to address that. Okay. Let's go back now to the instructions. All right. We're almost there. It's going well. We're on to step six installing node. I imagine many of you have node already installed in your system. If you don't then welcome to the world of node of server side JavaScript. So please then head to the official node download page here. And when you click on that, this will come up. And you can then choose whether you're on Mac or Windows and just I'd suggest sticking with the defaults unless you know otherwise and follow the instructions. Uh, or you can also just download here and installer if you prefer, using installers for your system and for your type of platform. Uh, and I would personally just pick the latest version of node, get that installed and then to check that it's installed, come back to cursor. Now the first thing we want to do is bring up a terminal in cursor. And that's something that you may already know how to do. You can do it from the view menu. You can also do it by holding down the control button and pressing the back tick. Not an apostrophe, but a back tick. And when you do that, up comes a terminal like this. And I should now be able to type node minus minus version. And if I do that I should get that I have version 24 .4.1. Installed on my system and I can also do npm minus minus version, the node package manager and get that number there. You might not get the same version, you might have a more recent version, but all of that is a good sign that you have node installed on your system and that it's time for step seven. Okay, here we go. First step, we have to install vercel using this npm command so that node will install vercel. So I copy that I go over to cursor I'm in this terminal again I'm going to paste in that command and it's going to install vercel on my machine. So while that's running we'll think about the next thing. The next command that we're going to uh, to run is going to be. And by the way, uh, warnings are things that you will encounter a lot on this course. And generally speaking, don't worry about warnings. Note them in case something goes wrong. And it might have given you a clue, but otherwise be somewhat immune to warnings. They happen all the time. Uh, so next thing to do is to do vercel login. That was next on the instructions if you saw it. And when we do that it's going to say login. It's going to let us choose a different mode. Uh and I'm now going to, to do that myself. And you should follow the mode that you used to sign up for vercel. And then, uh, I will see you in a second. Once you're logged in. And now for what we call in the business, the moment of truth, we type vercel space dot making sure that we're currently in the folder instant, which is our project folder. All right. Set up and deploy projects instances. Say yes. Uh, y enter. Which scope should contain your projects? Uh, and, uh, that seems good. Edward Donner's projects. That was a scope that I set up. Uh, the default scope when creating my Vercel account. So hopefully it will give your name and projects in much the same way. That was just from just going through the default screens when signing up for vassal. All right. Uh, link to existing project. Yes. No. So say no, because we're setting up a new project in vassal from scratch. What is your project's name? So call it instant if you happen to be doing this the second time, you could call it instant two. Whatever you want to give it a new name. All right. In which directory is your code located? It's right here. So Dot is the name of the current directory. So we just press enter. Do you want to change additional project settings. And we'll say no. And off it goes. It's created a file two files. You can see a file called. Gitignore which you may know about. And it's created a folder called vassal which presumably contains. Gitignore it's ignoring vassal uh and it's doing stuff. There's things happening uh, and it says that it has deployed. Uh, so next up, let's go and have a look at what we've got. All right. So here we have some information about what's just been deployed. And you'll see that there's the word production. And after that you should see a URL which looks suspiciously like an internet URL. And now, uh, with uh, for a mac, you hold down command and click on this. I think on a PC it would be control and click uh, it should prompt you to follow the link. I'm going to do that right now and click on this. And it's asking me if I want to open it, I do want to open it. And what we're looking at here, everybody is a browser looking at the internet with live from production showing there from something we just deployed to production online. Now, you could be forgiven for saying this is not perhaps yet an AI app per se. Uh, it is just something which is saying live from production, but small steps. This is the basis. This is the first step that we will use to be deploying our first production AI app. Uh, I will see you in the next video.

@@@LECTURE 2 :: Day 1 - From Zero to Live: Deploying Your First AI-Powered SaaS on Vercel
Now, I appreciate that some of you have seen Vassell before and deployed your own stuff and are probably thinking, ah, this is small potatoes. Uh, but maybe, maybe not yet. Mind blowing. But hopefully for those new to it, you were pleased to see that it's really not that hard. Okay, so if we go back to cursor, in addition to the link to production, there was another link here called inspect. And I just want to take you through that, uh, command. Click to go through that link. This shows us the screen in Vercel where we can look at our deployment. See a little preview of it right here. Now one of the things you might have noticed is that when you went to this web page, you actually had to be signed in to Vercel to be able to access it. And you could argue that it's not really live on the internet if you need to be signed into Vercel, but we can change that if you look down. If you may need to expand this section here, deployment configuration, you'll see that there is deployment protection. Standard protection is turned on. If you click on that it takes us over to the settings page. And you can see that we've got Vercel authentication turned on. This ensures visitors need to be logged in to vessel and a member of our team. So. So unfortunately, probably only us could see this right now, but luckily we can turn this off, press save. And that tells us that it's been changed. And now, for example, uh, we can do something like let's go back here again, copy this URL to our web page, and I'm going to create a new incognito window. Here it is in Chrome. And go and visit this page. And I'm thrilled to see that live from production is being served now to anybody on the internet. So there we are, live on the internet in minutes. And never fear, we'll be coming back to add a healthy dose of artificial intelligence team. Okay, so this is what I have in store for you. We are going to be doing some hardcore learning. This is probably the most intensive of any course that I've made. It's all in four weeks, but I have packed those four weeks in. We're going to be working on some of the juiciest projects I've ever built. Very commercial, very hands on. They're going to be really interesting and quite challenging projects. But at the same time, I'm hoping to make this a lot of fun. That is always that's definitely my my vibe, making sure that it's entertaining as well as educational. And so hopefully you're going to be enjoying it as we go and as we build things that are scalable and resilient and secure. All right. So let me tell you about the objectives, who the course is for and how you'll know you've been successful at the end of it. So there's really two different audiences that I've designed this course for. On the one hand are entrepreneurs. If you are someone that's coming along and you want to take a SaaS app and deploy it online on the internet, it's got authentication, it's got SSL, it's got subscription built in so people can sign up and start paying for it, and it's secure and scalable. Then this course is for you. And in fact, the first week is the most intense week because we're going to do all of that in the first week and then just build on it. Also, if you're someone who's coming at this wanting to get an enterprise level of knowledge on AI being deployed in the cloud for scale and resiliency, so you want to be able to scale an AI on a major cloud provider like AWS and GCP and Azure, and you want to also have the kind of relevant expertise that means that you could apply for roles that need all of that. Then this is also for you. And I'm here to tell you that whilst it is intended for one of those two audiences, there is a whole continuum of people that sit between those two extremes. Maybe you're someone who wants to be an entrepreneur, but right now you're working in a particular company. Maybe you're in a medium sized company, but you want to be able to deploy for future growth and scale. Maybe you'd like to at least beef up your resume so that you're able to apply to the most possible jobs and everything in between. If you are anywhere on that spectrum, then I've designed this course for you. So what will you get out of it at the end? What are the success factors? Well, by the end of this, there are three things that you should be able to do. The first of them is is for the entrepreneur. You should be able to deploy and monetize and make money from your own AI application. Now of course, you'll have to have product market fit. I can't promise you that people will come and pay for it, but if you've built a product and you've got good go to market and people will pay for it, then the technology part will be solved for you. The second thing is that you'll be able to implement production grade AI at major companies, and you will have transferable skills that you can apply to different situations. I focus on transferable skills on the most common kinds of platforms and frameworks, so you will have that capability. And then along with that, you'll be able to apply for roles that have that kind of skill set requirements. So I've taken a careful look at many different job descriptions. And also as a hiring manager in the space myself, I know what people look for. And when I look at the other courses that I've offered, I cover a lot of the bases, but there is one piece that I don't, and that is the productionization of AI. And that is what you will leave this course with. But I have I have something to tell you. This course alone won't do it. You won't get that only from taking the course. You will get that from taking the course and also completing the assignments as we go. I find that the best way to learn is by doing. And you don't do by listening to me yabbering away. You have to do it yourself. That means that that as I go through things, you need to be doing it too. When you get stuck and you hit problems, that's the time to be fixing them and understanding them. Frustrating though it can be. That's where the real learning happens. So you have to complete the projects with me. You have to fix the problems when they happen, and then you have to make the projects your own. Make changes, do something different, add your own flair to the projects as we go, and take on some of the assignments I give you as we go. And that is the real way to learn these these videos and the the stuff I do, that's just that's the foundation. Uh, the part that matters isn't what I do. It's what you do.

@@@LECTURE 3 :: Day 1 - From AI Concepts to Cloud Deployment: Navigating the DevOps Landscape
and now let me introduce myself to convince you I'm actually qualified to talk to you about this with apologies to those that have heard my intro about three times before. It's going to be exactly the same. I'm going to make the same exact jokes. Put me on 2x. Zoom through this, please. But for those new to me, I'm Ed Donner. I am the co-founder, CTO of an AI startup called Nebula.io. Go check us out. Before that, most of my career, I was at JP Morgan where I ended up as an MD leading a team of about 300 technologists. I started out in London, which is where I'm from originally, as you can probably tell from my accent. I spent a few great months in Tokyo where I had an amazing time and then ended up in NYC, which is where I live now. Before Nebula, where I work now, I founded an AI startup called Untapped and it was acquired a few years ago. This here is the picture from Times Square of our acquisition being announced. This is a magical moment for me. In fact, if you squint, if you look really carefully and you squint, then what you can see right here, that is a picture of me. You don't need to take my word for it. You can look at the few pixels that are there. Okay, a bit of a leap of faith, but that is in fact me right there on the Times Square billboard at that moment. And the other reason I show you this photo, not just to show off at that moment, also because in fact, I do live right there. I live about one block from Times Square, that away. I live kind of behind that guitar. So I'm actually not in New York right now, I'm in London, but when I am in New York, you will find me right there looking out at you. So that's a little bit about me. And it's customary with these things to show some sort of personal picture of a hobby or something. So here's a picture of me in front of a plane that I just flew. And you might think that this is my attempt to tell you that this is something I'm very skilled at, but quite the contrary. My great skills when it comes to LLMs is only surpassed by my complete inability to do anything requiring hand-eye coordination. And so in fact, I'd suggest to you, if you're getting on a plane and you're going perhaps to a conference or perhaps on holiday, and you look in the cockpit and the flight deck, and you see that it's me standing and sitting there with the stick, the yoke there about to control your jet, then you want to be looking for a parachute very quickly. If however, you've turned up on a course to take a course about building and deploying LLMs, gen AI and agentic AI in production, then luckily you've come to the right place. That is in fact, my skill set. Let's get on with the course. So I just want to set your expectations about something that you might not be expecting. So a lot of people have asked for this course. It's by far the most requested topic for me. And I ran a survey and more than the majority asked for this course. But I think that people might be under a bit of a misconception. I think that when people think about deploying AI software to production, people are expecting a course which is say about 80% is going to be deep in the weeds of artificial intelligence concerns, what it takes to deploy agentic apps into production with agents connecting and talking and stuff. And they people I think are aware that there's going to be some DevOps work, some cloud deployment work and dealing with AWS security dealing with with scaling different componentry. And so people are expecting that that work as well in the mix. But I think the reality is a bit different from that. I think that the reality is more like this. Sure, there's some AI concerns, we're going to be talking about deploying AI. But I got to tell you, 80%, maybe 70% of what we're going to be doing is going to be about platform engineering, it's going to be DevOps, it's going to be configuring these different cloud providers, it's going to be as we just saw from Vercel, not that it was an AI app. But a lot of it was about configuring and setting up deployments in production. And whether the Python code you're deploying is saying, welcome to production, hello from production, or whether it's calling an LLM and doing something related to generative or agentic AI, turns out to not be a major factor in what you're doing. Now, for sure, throughout this course, we'll have the AI lens on, we won't be working with any old database in production, we'll be working with vector databases. And we won't be working with any old API, we'll be working with things like Bedrock and SageMaker, looking at LLM APIs. But nonetheless, it's important to take note that you are signing up for a lot of DevOps over the next four weeks. That's a big part of deploying AI to production. So as I say, there's going to be a lot of AI related concerns, we'll be talking about things like observability, which is super important. We'll be deploying MCP servers, which is a very hot area. But the bulk of what we're going to be doing is traditional cloud platform engineering, and you better believe it. But that's quite interesting, too. All right, one of the points to make about the course is that I've tried to structure this to follow what people talk of as the T shape, which is that we're going to cover a lot of breadth, we're going to cover lots of different providers, we're going to cover things like CICD and GitHub Actions. And we're going to go deep in one particular stripe, which is I've picked AWS. So whilst I do plan to give you exposure to all the major cloud providers, to AWS and to Google Cloud Platform, and to Microsoft Azure, we're going to be focusing most of our attention on Amazon AWS, because that is the most common of the providers used in industry, and I want to prep you best for industry. But I'll talk about the parallels between them as we go as well.

@@@LECTURE 4 :: Your Path to Becoming a Proficient AI Engineer
And now the single most common question I get is how do your courses fit together? What order should I take them in? Let me lay it out for you. I have six courses in my curriculum. The first of them is called AI Builder, and it's about creating agents and voice agents with any N and 11 labs. The second one is called AI Coder, and it's about building software and products using cloud code and other coding agents. And the third one is called AI Leader, and it's about delivering AI projects, transforming your business with AI, and even starting an AI business. That's AI Leader. And the next three courses are all about AI engineering. There's the AI engineer core track, which is about NLMs and APIs and open source NLMs and rag and fine tuning. And then there's the AI engineer agentic track, which is about agent loops, open AI agents, SDK, MCP. And then there's the AI engineer production track, deploy at scale to AWS, GCP, and Azure. And those are the six courses in my AI curriculum. And my big message for you is that all six of these courses complement each other. There's little overlap between them. Each of them covers different topics. And let me tell you what you'll be able to do after you complete each one. After AI Builder, you'll be able to create agents and voice agents for your business without needing to write a line of code. After AI Coder, you'll be an expert in using coding agents like Claude Code to deliver software with astonishing speed. AI Leader will position you to deliver commercial impact, whether you work at a startup or a Fortune 500 enterprise. And now for the AI engineering trio, the core track will position you to select, apply, and optimize LLMs to solve real world commercial problems. And the agentic track is the same thing, but this time with autonomous AI agents. And the production track will let you take LLMs and agents and deploy them on the cloud at scale with resiliency and observability and security. I've organized the courses so that there's something there for everyone. But generally speaking, the first three courses are best suited for people that are either technical or non-technical, a wide audience. The fourth and fifth course are best for people that are either technical or aspiring technical. You're ready, you're curious, you want to learn to be more technical, or you already are. And then the sixth one is best for someone that's already technical or that has already completed courses one to five. That's how they're laid out. And if you've completed the entire program, all six courses in the curriculum, and you've delivered all the associated projects, then you can call yourself a proficient AI engineer and you're ready to take on roles like AI engineer, applied AI engineer, FDE engineer, in industry today, solving real world problems with LLMs and agents. And you can take the courses in any order you wish. They're great companions for each other. All things being equal and the most natural progression is probably one through to six as it's shown here. And if I was starting out, that's probably the order that I would pick, but it's completely up to you. Pick the topic that interests you and follow the progression that makes the most sense for you. And as a pro tip for you, if you look at the set of lectures for this course, if you scroll all the way down to the very end, the final lecture is in fact a document. And if you open that up, you'll see that it contains a summary of these courses and special links into the courses. That's a great resource for you to have to hand. You'll find it in the final lecture. And actually, I should mention that that resource has some special offers that are only available to existing students. So you definitely don't want to miss it. Okay, with that, you've picked an excellent course. It fits in great. Let's get on with it.

@@@LECTURE 5 :: Day 1 - Course Overview: Building Production AI Systems Across 4 Weeks
And now I'm excited to unveil our four week curriculum to become production grade. As usual with with my courses, I've organized this into four modules or different modules for each week. And the first week is focused on building a SaaS project that you deploy onto the internet, including things like authentication and subscription. The second week, we're going to be focusing on AWS drilling down on platform engineering for an AI project deployed on AWS. And we'll cover a whole set of different concerns with AWS, leaving you so that you can deploy your own stuff on AWS. And at least learn about the other components that we don't touch. And this is going to include infrastructure as code and CI CD. In the third week this is a slew of different activities related to AI projects. We're going to first of all take a look at Azure and GCP so that you've looked at all the major providers. We're going to focus on data engineering building ingest pipes. We're going to look at vector stores and MCP so that you could deploy an agent with MCP servers behind them. And then in the fourth week, we turn to Agentic AI. We're going to build and deploy a multi-agent system in production, and that will lead to the capstone project and the conclusion of the four weeks. And so each of these four boxes represents a module a week of of us learning together on this journey. And each week has five days representing the different components of the course. And the first week, what we're in right now is going to allow us to build up an app, have a front end and back end, have authentication subscription, and then build a healthcare SaaS app and deploy it first to Vercel and then our first deployment to AWS. In the second week, we're going to talk about AWS architecture. We're going to revisit a project from one of my previous courses, The Digital Twin, and we're going to make a new version of that. We're going to use bedrock, and then we're going to add in Terraform infrastructure as code and GitHub actions so that we've got a really robust production deployment pipeline. Week three is the sort of mixed mixture of lots of things. We're going to have a new project, the cyber security Analyst, which is really cool. We're going to deploy on Azure and GCP, both using MCP servers. We're then going to use AWS SageMaker and then have data ingest pipelines using S3 vectors and with an MCP server. And then the final week, a gigantic AI in production is when we'll talk about multi-agent deployments. We'll work on the capstone project, including a front end. We're going to add in observability, monitoring and security, three crucial aspects of AI and agentic AI deployments. And then we're going to end by talking about Agentic AI platforms, which is a really cool thing for us to look at. And also very hot right now. The capstone project that we'll be working on is going to be a product which should be ready to be commercialized. You can add in your own elements to it and maybe even monetize it. The idea is that it is an agentic financial planner for. It's a SaaS product that users can sign up for, can enter in details about their accounts, their investments, their equity portfolios, their retirement accounts. And it will then be able to rebalance to advise on how they could rebalance their portfolio and decisions they could make and their retirement prospects. So it's a fully functioning Agentic app, with different agents working in concert to be able to to add value and be something that could be useful for our user community. And hopefully you'll be able to spice it up, adding your own dimensions and actually deploy it. So this is what I have in store for you. You may be wondering what the different colored tiles represents. The yellow tiles are tiles which are primarily related to DevOps to platform engineering concerns. The blue tiles represent our projects, our healthcare app, Digital Twin Mark two and the capstone project. And what's not shown here, that the cyber project is a small project, so it didn't get a blue square. We're doing too many other things, but that is also a project to we have four, four projects for you. And the purple squares represent times when we're primarily looking at AI concerns. And now you might be forgiven for saying that today we haven't exactly yet looked at AI concern, but the day is young. We will get there. Uh, but but also this ties back before I told you that only 20% would be AI. And you can see here there are plenty of purple squares. I will say that even the AI stuff like bedrock and SageMaker, it's still a lot of DevOps work involved there. But nonetheless, there's there's AI for sure, in the purple squares. And at the end of this, when you've completed these four weeks and you've built your own projects, which is super important and done the assignments, then you'll be well deserving of this cup at the end of here. Uh, and uh, but in all seriousness, you would have got to a point where you will have carried you've completed that skill set, so you are then able to independently deploy commercial LM products Gemini and Agentic AI into production yourself. All of that's going to be for you four weeks from today. So hopefully you appreciate that. This course has a fairly comprehensive scope, quite significant scope. But I'm here to tell you that whilst it does the world of production deployment is absolutely massive. It's gigantic. And so there is a lot of stuff that's not in scope by, by, by extension. And just just to be specific, we primarily work on AWS. As I said, we touch on many of the others. That means we're leaving out going into detail on things like GCP and Azure. We are going to focus on the industry standard, the most transferable skills. So for example, when it comes to infrastructure as code, I'm not going to work with Amazon CDK, which is quite popular, but that does tie you into Ruined AWS and I want, I want what I teach to be as transferable as possible. So I will stick with Terraform, which is super popular and which allows us to use the same techniques for AWS and GCP and Azure. So Terraform is the one I pick. And I use similar kinds of decisions at various points for when it comes to to authentication. We stick with Clark, which we can use across the board. We don't we don't go with the with the AWS componentry. I touch on things like front end development and stuff like using Docker containers, but only at a surface level. You could have entire courses, and there are many courses on front end development and on Docker. And in fact there are many levels of courses on front end development. It's a whole discipline of its own, and I'm really going to be scratching at the surface of this. I'm going to give you some self-study guides, and for those new to it, I urge you to spend time on the guides. They should be super helpful for you. Uh, but I'm not going to go deep and the code will be there. It's not like we'll need to write front end, but when it comes to changing it, you might find yourself getting stuck quickly. Turns out llms are really great at that. But yeah, consider it to be touching the surface of all of the peripheral, uh, activities that we'll be doing, like front end development. My overall goal is to give you the tools so that you can apply the same principles that we work on to other kinds of components, to other providers, to other APIs. Once we've done this many times over in different ways, hopefully you've got the kind of general ability to do a bit of research yourself, to look up a service and decide to integrate it in, because you can apply what you've learned here to to other kinds of examples. So that's that's my, my, my general goal. And that is why I need to set your expectations, that what we're going to cover in scope is going to be a small subset of everything that's out there when it comes to the world of prod deployment. Okay. I've been talking for far too long. It's time for us to do some stuff. Let's go back now and add some AI spice to our simple production application.

@@@END_BATCH
