@@@LECTURE 14 :: Day 2 - Adding Real-Time Streaming and Professional UI to Your LLM App
But wait, there's more. As they say, we've got a bit more to do to finish off today. Uh, the the instructions suggest that you do a vassal minus minus prod. It's actually not required. We've already deployed to production. But. But you can do it if you wish. We'll do it again in a minute. I just want to add in real time streaming, which I said we would do, and that that was actually not not yet streaming. Um, and I also want to show the results in markdown looking more elegant than they just looked. So first of all, we've got a few packages to install. And I mentioned that one of the great things about react is how there are such a huge ecosystem of different libraries. Here's a bunch that allow us to show markdown, uh, in, in a front end widget. So I'm just going to within in the sass folder, I'm going to run that npm install function, and it's going to go ahead and install a bunch of node packages. They've all happened. And now we're going to update index dot TSX. Let me close that. Get out of the way there. We're going to update index dot TSX to make that a bit juicier. Here it is. Copy that. Go to index dot TSX, select all and paste. And the main thing that's different here is that it's handling the streaming back of information from the server. Nicely you can look through this code if you want to see how this works. And it's also got something that uh, uses a plugin, a component called React Markdown, which gives us a nice formatted, um, component that can take markdown instead of just text. Um, and it's a classic example of the kind of react component you can take off the shelf. Okay, so that's Index.ts. Let's go back to the instructions. And next, it's also got a little description here of the different tailwind classes that we're using and how you can interpret them. Uh, we do also need to actually install a plugin so that this is going to work properly. So we'll go back to the terminal, run that npm install npm install for backend people like me is like pip install for front end people. Uh, and, uh. All right, back we go. Here. Okay. And now we just have to, of course, update the backend index.py so that it streams back results to the client. So let me copy that. I'm going to index.py over here. Select all of this, paste in the new version and take a look at it. You can see that it's client completions passing in stream equals true. And with what comes back, we stream it back to the front end by returning a streaming response, which is a fast API type. We will automatically be using this, this, this, uh, type this this thing called SE, which is a way that servers can stream back results to the client. Okay, now, uh, we can just, uh, deploy it and see how that works. So let's bring up this do vessel. Dot. Spell. Vessel. Right. Vessel dot. As I say this time, because it's the second time that we're doing it, it's not going to deploy it to production. It's going to deploy it to a different environment. That's called preview. So then production, the link from earlier will continue to be the original version. And preview is going to show this newer version. And we'll stick at preview until we've done the new version. And then we'll push that to production. And that gives you the sense of how you can have multiple environments with vessel and be able to move between them. The first time you ever deploy for a project, it goes to production and then subsequent times are going to preview first. So let it do its thing and I will see you when this completes. All right. That's done. And now as before I command click on preview I press open up. It comes and it says loading. GPT five does take a long period of thinking. First, if we were using something like, uh, for one nano or for zero, then. But here we go. Look at that. Streaming comes very nicely. Streaming faster than I can scroll, but it is indeed streaming back. And you might be interested to see there's no markdown there, but don't worry. Hold that thought. Hold that thought. We will come back to it. Okay, back we come. Close the terminal. Let's go on to the professional styling section. So the first thing we need to do is a bit janky. We need to take a bunch of styles that are standard HTML styles and put them at the end of our styles. And the reason we need to do this is subtle. Uh, tailwind adds all of these new styles, but it also hides the original standard styles like H2 and H3 because they're not needed anymore in a tailwind world. But we are using these because of our markdown component. So for it to look proper, we actually have to include all of these traditional styles so we can go to sorry, not public into styles and into globals. And at the end here we can just paste all of these traditional styles, just put it in at the end. Don't don't replace what's there. We need what's already there. But add that in there okay. And after doing that, uh, we also want to update the prompt in Index.py to encourage the LM to use markdown nicely. So if I go up to index.py I'm going to overwrite this here, this prompt to something which says reply with a new business idea for AI agents formatted with headings, subheadings, and bullet points to really make it irresistible. Llms love generating markdown, but with something like this, it will be irresistible. It's gonna it's gonna desperately generate markdown. Okay. And then finally we're just going to update index dot TSX to look a little bit nicer. This is index dot TSX. So we will take all of this and go to index dot TSX. Select all paste save done. Uh and you can look through this look at some front end code in your own time. Uh, I don't mind telling you I am a terrible front end coder. I have very little sense of style when it comes to front end. Uh, my my wizardry with Lmms does not translate to react, but, uh, llms are great at it. And so, in fact, this was mostly generated by Claude code with me doing a bit of tweaking here and there. Uh, no surprise. Um, but I'm sure front end people on this will be able to do much better. And I look forward to seeing your designs. Uh, please do share them. Okay, back to the back to the instructions. Uh, and we're ready to deploy. Uh, and this time, we'll just deploy all the way to production. So this is this is the command Vercel dot deploys to the preview environment. Vercel minus minus prod goes straight to production. And just so that we've tried that too. We will do that. Um, sorry. Copy that properly. Bring up the terminal. Paste that in there. Off it goes and I will see you in a second with the results. Okay. And it's deployed to production as before. I will click here to open this up and to see what we have. And you can see first of all it looks fancy. It looks fancy. Check this out. AI powered innovation at your fingertips. Generating business idea like pulses on and off. You can see the tailwind styling that achieves that. While it's thinking. We're hoping for nice markdown formatted business idea. Here it comes. What we can see is some nice heading stuff. Sometimes the headings are bigger and nice organized, bulleted, uh, sections with lots of information here. Uh, and even a team blueprint I just saw. Let's just see what the, the basic idea is. It's the same idea AI agents as a service for SMB operations. I guess operations is the new angle here. So there you have it. This is the business idea generator, uh, deployed to production. You may remember from day one that right now it's got the, uh, vessel authentication security around it so that only you will be able to use this logged into vessel. But you probably remember, you can go into vessel, go to this app, go to the settings page to to expose it to the internet. Should you wish this particular app of yours to be exposed out there to everybody. But you don't need to, because we're going to make this a lot better in the next few days. But congratulations on having your first polished front end, back end, full stack application deployed to the internet using an LM, presenting streaming back information, and presenting it in a nicely styled professional way. Well, congratulations! A lot of what we covered today will form the foundation of what is to come. We've deployed a full stack app. We've got it in two different environments, a preview and a production environment deployed using Vercel that makes it so easy to have these kinds of fast API backend, Next.js front end and deploy them really quickly. So what's ahead? So tomorrow we're going to add authentication, sign in and subscription. People will be able to pay for our business idea generator. And then on day four we're going to make it a beefier app by making it into like a healthcare SaaS app. And on day five, we will change the script completely. And instead of deploying to Vercel, we'll deploy it to AWS, which will change everything, and we'll be able to compare and contrast those two. So much to come. But before we get to all that, let's take a moment to celebrate that you are already somehow 10% of the way through this course. Or maybe you're feeling exhausted. Maybe you think, goodness, it's 90% still to go. But no, this is such an important 10%. Uh, and it's going to get juicier and juicier. Congratulations on being 10% towards being an expert in production deployment, and I will see you tomorrow.

@@@LECTURE 15 :: Day 3 - Adding User Authentication to Your Production AI Application
And welcome back to day three. I'm so happy that you decided to put up with another day of me. I didn't put you off yesterday with our first production deployment or second production deployment. Really? So as a recap, yesterday we built a front end and back end and put it together and deployed it. Today it's about authentication and subscription, two things which which might sound like they're going to be really hard to do, and they're in fact going to be really easy. Uh, this this week is all about particularly using some of these frameworks, like deploying to vercel. So easy to get an app deployed to production. Uh, but please don't think it's always going to be that way. The next couple of weeks we're going to be using the big guys. We're going to be using AWS, GCP, Azure, and it's a whole different ball game. So so prepare yourself for a different universe there. But for now it's going to be very easy indeed. As a quick recap, then last time we built a full stack, as I call it, an app that in that its front end and back end and a front end, of course, is the stuff that runs in the user's browser the HTML, CSS and JavaScript. The back end is the business logic that runs on the server, and you put them together by writing front end code in the browser. That makes an API call to an endpoint on your server, and that endpoint typically responds with JSON. In our case, we responded with plain text, but it can be JSON that goes back to the client, and the client takes that and chooses how that will change the page and react rerenders the page. We used a Next.js react front end. We had a Python fast API backend. We were using the pages router, not the app router. We were using tailwind CSS. Such a great easy way to to avoid having to write tons of CSS stuff. And we were using Vercel cloud AI platform for our deployment, our two environments, our preview environment and our production environment. And then also a quick recap about the situation with the repo. So I know this is a bit muddling, so bear with me. We started by cloning a repo called production um, which has in it all of the instructions for what we're going to be doing this week and next week. And it's got things like the guides in it as well. This, this. As I say, it's the week one folder in there has instructions for each day. And we've created a new repo from scratch called sass. And that's important because I want you to be in the practice of creating something from scratch. We could have had it as a folder within production, but then then it wouldn't have been quite as neat and tidy as this. So that's how we've done it. So you've now got the production repo and the sass repo production with the documentation, and sass is where we are running our app. And I did that trick of copying across the guides so that I can easily reference them, but you can easily switch between the two. Uh, there's a guides folder with self-study guides in the production repo. There's also the community contributions folder. And remember, I'm hoping that as you discover things or as you have your own repos to point to, you'll add like a markdown file in there that's got your name or something like that and write up some notes or what you've done in a link or some code. If you've got code to share, and then a submit a PR. And that would be wonderful to be able to include what you've done to share it with with other students in the community contributions folder. And you should check out now what's in there to see if there's interesting stuff that you can learn from? Uh, in weeks three and four, we're actually going to move to different repos I've already set up. So there are going to be some more repos as well as lots of repos. So I have to stay on top of this and hopefully it won't get confusing. Okay. And uh, today we're going to be using something called clerk, which is a very simple but powerful authentication platform for managing your users with such lightweight code. So there are there are many different platforms for doing this. Actually, AWS has a quite sophisticated user authentication, uh, approach built into it. But we'll be using clerk for this. Um, I as I say, the reason I do this is to show you how clerk Clarke works so that you get intuition for how to do these. You may have a different framework that you're using in your project or that your team is using, but once you've seen how it's done with one, hopefully it'll be quite quick to pick up the others. If you're going to choose something new for your new project, then I would recommend Clarke because it's so very easy, as we will find out right now. And so without further ado, you see much less chit chat. Now we're going straight to practical. Uh, let's go back to the lab and continue working on our business idea generator. But let's give it some user authentication. Okay. So welcome back to Casa, a fabulous place to be. Uh, I'm in the Sass project. Don't get them confused. Uh, and, uh, right, right back where we left off. Um, and I've got this this week, one folder, because I copied it across from the production project. But you could also look back on that if you wish. And I'm going to go to the day three MD and open the preview. So we see how it looks. And there's also a day three part two by the way. We've got two different ones to go through today. And this is all about setting up user Authentication so that users can sign in before they use our precious idea generator. And we're going to be people will be able to sign in just with their email or use some social auth as well if they wish. And this works also by by passing these things called JWT tokens to the backend to confirm that it is a signed in user. JWT is one of these rabbit holes I'm not planning to go down. It's very interesting. There's a lot to learn about. If you want to know more about JWT, ask your favorite AI. ChatGPT will do an incredible job of explaining what it is and how it works. Uh, but you can otherwise just trust that that's part of the of the secret sauce, which allows platforms like Clark to to provide user authentication services. All right. So we're going to start by creating a Clark account. Uh, and we'll go over now to Clark like that where we will click sign up and get things set up. And I brought up an incognito tab here because I'm already signed in to Clark. So I want to show you just briefly the first sign in experience. Uh, so when you first go here, uh, I think you could press the sign in button and it's going to start with a with a control like this and you can say, don't have an account? Sign up, press here to create your free account and you'll then sign up to get started. You can use GitHub or Google to to join Clark. This is to identify yourself. I think I used Google when I came in the first time, asked a few questions about about the fact that I'm doing this individually, not not for work and so on. And after you've answered those questions, you should be at the Clark's, uh, dashboard. And that's the place where you can create an application. Uh, and that is where we'll be able to set up and configure a new application called SaaS. So this is what it looks like for me when I go, because I've already got an account. I have a dashboard button here. And this is what it looks like when I go into my dashboard. And I imagine that that uh, so I've already got I've set up SaaS already. So it goes straight to this, which I imagine is not what you will see. You will see something with it with a create application button on it. And that's what you should press. Uh, see if I can go back to that. Here we go. So you'll see a screen like this. There should be a create application button. That's what you will press I press that create application button. Now you'll call it SaaS like so it's now going to probably complain I already have that now. Uh, and over there it shows a preview of what it's going to look like when people come in. And then let's say that they can come in with an email with Google and maybe with GitHub as well, and then press that create application button. I'm obviously not going to press that myself because I've already done it. It's here. This is what it will be like when you open it up. It won't say, congratulations, your application has users because you won't yet. I've already tested it out with two different versions of me. Uh, but it will come up and you'll see some basic details, uh, and then go back to cursor. Okay. And now back here again, uh, step three is to install Clark's, UX, uh, command line interface, which we're going to do by, uh, sorry, not the SDK, the software development kit, uh, which we're going to do by bringing up a terminal, uh, and then run this command again npm install the front end equivalent of, of a pip install. Uh, and it's now going to install the clerk files. There we go. Done. We're also going to install this nifty thing called fetch event source. Oops I didn't mean to do that. There we go. Click back over there. We're going to install fetch event source here. This is something we need to stream back results with with authentication in place written by Microsoft. Okay. Uh, now there's a couple of environment variables that we need. Uh, one is called the next public clerk publishable key, which is like what they call a public key, which anyone can know associated with your application. And then there's also a clerk secret key. And we'll find them in the clerk dashboard. So let's go over there now. So if we go back to clerk again Um, when you're if you're, you're looking at your application. So it should say SaaS at the top here. If you're in your beginning screen, if it looks like that, you have to click on SaaS to get here. You then click on configure over here, and you scroll all the way down to API keys on the left here. And I realize this is really small, so I make it a bit bigger for you. So we clicked on configure and then clicked on API keys down here. And what you've got here is an a couple. You've got this next public Clark publishable key and also the Clark secret key. Uh, and we can copy them. It's obviously not not showing it which is nice of it. This is the public one that you can see. You copy it by pressing that copy button here. Uh, and while you're here, also take note of this thing here, this JWT URL. I want you to also copy that and put it in a notepad or somewhere. Or you can always come back to this screen. We're going to need that in a minute as well. But for now, copy both of these to the clipboard and it will have copied the real key, Not the dot dot dot dot dot. And then back in cursor. I want you now please to create a file called dot EMV local in your project root. So over here you're going to type new new file dot EMV dot local. There it is. Uh and paste in here those keys. And I'm obviously not going to do it now because then you'll see. But but you should do that for your keys and I will do it in just a second. Uh, when, when I got rid of you. Uh, but, um, the, uh, the, the it also tells you here that it's important to add EMV local into the file called. Gitignore, which makes sure this never gets pushed any repo. But as it happens, it is already in the default. Gitignore that next has built for us. And you can tell that because in cursor it appears in this very, very faint font which means it is ignored along with some other things here which are, which are already taken out. So there it is. I'm now going to put my keys in there, and I'll be back in a moment.

@@@LECTURE 16 :: Day 3 - Adding User Authentication to Production AI Apps with Clerk
Okay. Next up we're going to take this bit of code right here in step five. And we're going to overwrite our underscore app dot TSX in pages our front end code. So go in here and paste this in. And what is this doing exactly. It's importing a react component called clerk provider. And it's wrapping our entire application in this clerk provider. And this is a way that you can have all of your react components be able to have a sort of shared the the ability to access the functionality in this clerk provider. Um, and I've garbled that a little bit in front end. People that know all about react would be like, well, that's that's slightly oversimplified, but you get the general idea. We've wrapped everything in the clerk provider. Okay, back we go. Next we're going to create a new page, uh, called product TSX. And this is going to be a protected route, which means it's going to be a page which is only available to people that are logged in. and that's going to be called product TSX. And it's going to be in pages. And we have used client at the top there. And it's quite a long page. But it is it's really got the whole content of our business idea generator. So in pages new file, uh, and it's called product TSX. This format that combines TypeScript and HTML. You'll, you'll see that it's got that same markdown component. It's got the same code to stream back events, uh, and uh, save that. Otherwise it is the same. All right. Back we go. Uh, and now we're going to change index TSX to be a new landing page with sign in. A whole thing to do with, with, with signing in. Uh, so let me just take this. And for people that have built this the, the original way before, there were things like Clark, like this was a lot of work. Like this would be like a week's worth of work to build your own sign in page, maybe several weeks worth of work, especially with social auth that that could be like a months worth of work. Uh, but, uh, it's not going to be month's worth of work. Uh, we're going to go to index TSX, which used to be the the whole page. We've moved most of this to products. And now putting in this page, it's relatively short. And really all of the the meat of this page are in these components like sign in button and signed in this component signed in means this is what will show if um, if this is uh, if we've selected if the user is signed in, then this is the part that will be displayed. If the user is not signed in, then the signed out part will show. And automatically Clark is going to handle which parts of this react tree gets shown. And I can see I'm using something which is deprecated there. I don't think it matters, but you can feel free to delete that so that we don't have deprecated code in there. And that all looks good. Okay, so back to the instructions. All of this is done, and now it's time for us to collect that JDBC URL that I showed you a second ago and add it to EMV local. So I'm going to go and do that right now. You remember where to collect it from the configure and the API keys. And then it's over on the right hand side. Collect that and then put it in env local looking exactly like that. You have to get these things identical. No mistakes or you will be pulling your hair out later. Uh all right I'll go do that and see you in a second. Okay. Now it's time to update our dependencies for the back end code, which is in this file requirements.txt. We've just got to add one more in here, the fast API clerk auth, which is the back end code to make sure that only logged in users can access our root. Uh, so we go to requirements.txt and paste it in there. I realized I used the British word root where where the Americans here will be saying root. I can't bring myself to say root. I've lived in New York for a long time, but I still say root and router and the routing from, uh, from from next year's. Uh, okay. So, um, back to the preview. Um, and now we're going to change our index.py. Our backend route. Uh oh. Go away. I don't want to have an update tonight. Uh, we'll have, uh, the backend routes that is going to, um, uh, check that the user is logged in, but otherwise it will be the same. So let's go back to the index.py. Here it is. And replace all of that. Okay. So let me just quickly talk through this. So what's happened here from uh fast API clerk auth, which is the library that handles making sure that we are only logged in. Users use it. We're importing a bunch of things here. And then when we define our route API, we're asking to be passed in some credentials. And we're using this way of making sure that only people who are logged in are able to access this route. Um, and other than that, this is all exactly the same. There is this line here that's not used anywhere. I've got this in here so you can see how you could actually get the user ID out of these credentials. So if you had some logic that depended on who's logged in, this is where you could do it. And it includes you'll find out later on we have subscription plans. You could actually find out what subscription plan they're on and use that to give them access to some functionality and not to others. Okay. Now the very people who are very alert will notice there is a little tiny change here as well, which is I've slightly improved the way this streams back to fix a bug. That meant that sometimes the formatting wasn't all coming through properly. If your formatting wasn't coming through, then with this bug fix, it's going to look a bit better. We will see. Uh, otherwise this is identical. Uh, and so save that, go back to our instructions, see where we are. Um, okay. We've now got to add these three keys that we already saved in a EMV file. We've got to add them to Vercel. cell. So we're going to run each of these three commands. And then we're going to paste in the key as it is in the EMV file. And then select all environments to set it each time which you remember. You press A and enter. Or you can press space and enter lots of times and have to do that for all three. And you mustn't make mistakes here. The key needs to be the key name has to be this name, and the value needs to be the value from EMV. And if you get that wrong, then there's going to be trouble. So don't get it wrong. Uh, and, uh, I will see you in a minute when I've done that myself. Okay. Hopefully you've done that and you did it flawlessly. So all will be well. Hopefully I did too, because if I made a mistake, then you're not going to let me forget it. Uh, but I think I got it right. Okay. Uh, and now we're going to, to run it locally by typing vercel dev. And we've actually not done this before because when you run this locally, it's only going to be able to run the JavaScript part locally. It's not going to run the Python code locally. Uh, so we can't test like the LM part of it, but we will be able to test whether we're connecting to Vercel or not. So here we go. We've deployed it. It's running on localhost on port 3000. So I should be able to command click on this and up it comes. And here we go. Here it is. So first of all check out how neat this looks. Uh, generate your next big business idea. Harness the power of AI to discover innovative business opportunities tailored for the AI agent economy. Uh, so, um, here we go. Now, I'm already logged in. Uh, it knows me already. Hang on. Let me sign out. Uh, this is what you should see. Uh, this is the logged out page. Uh, there's a get started free and a sign in button which do the same thing. They bring you to this sign in to SaaS name of our application, and they don't have an account. Sign up. And what you can now do is experiment with this. Create an account, and you'll be able to see that account appearing on your Clark page like you saw. I already had two set up from my couple of my Gmail accounts, but I could come in now using my my Gmail account. It will log in. Here I am.

@@@LECTURE 17 :: Day 3 - Adding Subscription Billing to Your Production AI SaaS Application
Okay, so just before we deploy to production, I've gone back into Vercel. I'm going into the SaaS production project, and you see, it gives you a little preview of our production deployment right here. And I just wanted to show you I want to go to settings over here. And I want to go to Deployment Protection. We're in Vercel. So so we want to use Clark's protection. We don't want vassal to also add in its protection. So I go into deployment protection and I turn off vassal authentication and save. So we're no longer using that. Our SaaS app is exposed to the internet, but Clark will be protecting us. Okay. And with that we go here and we run vassal dash, dash, prod, which I already did a few seconds ago. So that ran and it deployed it to production. You could also do, uh, vassal Dot to deploy it first to the preview environment before you deploy it to production. But with that in mind, we can now launch it and see what it looks like. So we will open that. Here it comes. generate your new business idea. We'll sign in. We'll come in as, uh, me with because I've already set up an account. Here I am in, I come, uh, say continue. I am now logged in. This is logged in on the internet, logged in to my vassal app. Uh, I can now say generate business idea. It's now calling my back end the route that we've protected so that it knows that I'm logged in. And that handshake, we saw that trace being printed there. Uh, before we know that it does this handshaking between the front end and the back end, and here comes the results. Uh, it's printing it nicely. We're seeing streaming coming back. Uh, and, uh, we've got our results. This is a front end and back end secured app running, deployed in production. Um, and we can run it again to get another one. Uh, just you could simply refresh the page. At the moment, it's a very simple app, I admit. But nonetheless, I imagine the users will come flooding in when you release your business idea generator and get these different ideas. Okay, so with that, that wraps up the first part. If we go back to our instructions, uh, this is now, uh, finished up the first part with our security architecture, and we will now be moving to the second part, where we're going to allow people to be able to subscribe to this app. Okay. So in cursor, I'm opening up the week one folder, and I'm now going to day three part two to open the preview. It's a two parter today. Uh, now we're going to transform our SaaS application with subscription management will require a paid subscription to access the idea generator. This will allow you to take your own business idea and rapidly deploy it online for people to subscribe to your product. So the way we're going to do it is still through Clark. Clark not only offers this user management feature with social login, but also a billing platform as well, and brilliantly, it's hooked up. If you wish to stripe so that if you have a stripe account or you want to use stripe to collect payments, then you can use that via Clark, which is fabulous. So we're going to go back to the Clark dashboard. First of all, where we're going to go to configure and go to subscription plans. Uh, and if it's the first time, as it says, we'll have to press get started. So let's go and do that now. Okay. So the first step to enabling Clark billing is we go back to the Clark dashboard. Here we have it. You'll see your overview screen for the SaaS app. And you will also now have the message congratulations. Your application has users because you will have signed in yourself. And you'll see your own sign up where I see my two Gmail accounts here and go to configure. And on the left here, scroll down and you'll see there's like a billing settings and subscription plans. And when you go to settings I've already set mine up. So you'll. You should have a button that's like, uh, set up or create or something like that. I think it says in the instructions, but it will say. And you press that, uh, and in you come, there are these two different options. There's the one that comes out of the box with clerk called the clerk payment gateway, which is very simple, and we'll be using it. Um, and there's also, uh, more sophisticated is to connect it to stripe. If you use stripe to collect payments. And this would be an exercise for you should you wish to do so, should you actually have an idea that you do want to monetize right now on the internet? But that is all where you set it up. Um, so this is this is enabling it to start with, uh, and then you go to subscription plans here, and this is where you set up your plans, and you can see that, that I've got a free plan and a premium subscription plan. And you will be able to press the create plan button. You give your plan a name and a key, which should be something like a subscription hyphen plan. Uh, and uh oh, it can't have a hyphen in it. So, uh, like that, uh, give it a name, a description, a monthly base fee. And we're going to be using this only for test payments, and no actual money will take place. So you can you can do whatever you wish for our testing purposes. Uh, and uh, I think I put in 100 a month. And then if you wish, you can turn on the annual discount, which is saying if someone wants to, to pay for an entire year and commit for the year and pay upfront for the year, then this would be, um, the, the discounted monthly price that would apply for, uh, the year and, uh, leave publicly available on so that people get access to it. And that is all you need to do. Let me just go back to look at the one that I set up, so that you can make sure that yours matches mine. Exactly. Um, so, uh, um, hang on. Sorry. So, um, we're we're in configure and subscription plans. There we go. I lost it for one second in premium subscription, so I call mine The Key. I gave it was premium underscore subscription. I was doing a hyphen. It takes underscores. Called it premium subscription. I have it being $100 a month and a $90 a month is the discount if people choose to commit annually. So that's what you could put in if you want to match what I've got. Exactly. And I've got that turned on. Um, and features, you may imagine this, this is where you can configure different features that the user subscribes to. And then you can imagine that in our back end route where we've got those, those creds, we could use that to figure out which features the user has access to. If that's how you take this a step further, uh, and that can be an exercise for you should you wish. Okay. And once you've done that, come back here. And this has the instructions for doing it. Look, it even says premium underscore subscription. So, uh, follow all of this and keep a note of what plan ID that you used. Um, and, uh, I'll break for a second for you to do that and see you in a minute.

@@@END_BATCH