@@@LECTURE 60 :: Day 5 - Setting Up GitHub Actions for Automated AI Agent Deployments
And now the last piece of the puzzle is we just have to have one more Terraform file change here. Going to make a new Terraform configuration file called backend. Remember this could also just go in main.tf. There's no significance to having different file names. But the reason we're having this is we want to tell Terraform that for its backend it should be using S3. And so we go into our Terraform directory. We'll make a new file call it backend dot. There it is. Paste that in and save. And that's there. So and this this is not a temporary file. This is for reals. This Terraform needs this to tell it to use S3 as its backend. So we set up a couple of temporary Terraform files, one of them to allow us to build some useful S3 buckets and Dynamo S3 bucket and Dynamo databases for lock. And then we created one for to to set up the appropriate permissions, the role and policies. We ran both of them to one time to set up all that infrastructure. We deleted those Terraform files. We're done. We've set that up. And now we've just created this backend, uh, Terraform configuration right here, and we're almost ready for prime time. Uh, this is all, of course, just one time setup. You wouldn't ever have to do this again once. Uh, for any repo, you do it once for a repo so that it's then properly hooked up to GitHub actions. All right, back we go to the instructions. The next step is it's time to add some secrets to GitHub. GitHub has to know the secrets that we're going to use. Let's go and do that right now okay. So we're back in GitHub. We have gone to our twin repo. Here it is. We go to settings in this top nav scroll down here Secrets and variables. We go to actions. Here we go. These are the secrets of variables that apply to GitHub actions. And we want to repository secret. Secret that applies to the whole repo and press new repository secret. All right. What secrets do we want? The first one is AWS role Arn. AWS role Arn AWS role Arn. It is telling GitHub what role should it have in AWS? And there in my clipboard is the secret, the one that we we just took from running that Terraform thing once. This is the the value of the A around Arn that it should use for GitHub actions to deploy the twin add secret, everything has to be exactly right. Don't forget that. Uh, okay. Now what's the next secret? The next secret? Default AWS region. Well, that's a Perfectly. No mistakes. It's got to be your default region. It's got to be copy and paste it from somewhere rather than typing it like I did to make absolutely sure. Double check, because if you get something wrong, it's really hard to find out what's gone wrong. Later you may get some obscure error. All right. And then the oars account it. That's the final secret we need to add here. So back we go here and we go to new repository secret and oars account éd. And I can cheat. I can paste in the arn from before because my account ID is in there. Look at that. There we go. A nice little pro hack, that is. The oars accounted for me, and you should put in yours and press Add secret. And now we have three secrets oars, account éd. Oars role arn and default oars region. And they should all be good. And that has set us up for success. Now it's time to create the workflows. Okay, so as it says at this point, GitHub now has the ability, it has the power to log into our AWS account with the credentials that we set up for it. It's all ready to actually do something. So in over here in twin let's collapse some of these folders so it looks nice and clean. We need to create a new top level folder called dot GitHub GitHub. And within GitHub we're going to have a subfolder called workflows new folder workflows. There we go. And somewhat confusingly cursor shows it this way when there's nothing else but workflows. But you can actually turn that off if you wish. Uh, anyways, we're now going to create our first workflow and it's going to be called deploy YAML. So here we right click New File deploy dot YAML without the A just just like that. And now we're going back to the guide to get our deployment Script. So this is what a GitHub actions deployment script looks like. And I'm going to take all of this. You can see there's quite a lot to it. Copy that. And now I'm going to go back to deploy YAML and paste it in. Here it is. This is our first look at GitHub actions deployment script. We finally got to the point. We've we've set everything up. We've set up the backend S3 buckets and DynamoDB. We've set up the policy to log in. And this is now what will be run. So what does it look like? What does the script do? Well it begins with a name deploy digital twin. It says on and this has a description of the the the vent. What will cause this to be triggered. And it's on push. It says which branch and it says what to do about it. Um, it gives, uh, various stuff about the permissions. And then we've got the jobs. Remember, jobs was the sort of key ingredient. A job has a number of steps. We've got several jobs. One is, uh, we haven't got jobs. We've got one job. It's called deploy. And that one job has several steps. And the steps is check out the code set up Python install. You've set up Terraform, setup NodeJS and then look at this step here. Run the deployment script. It sets some environment variables the account ID and the default AWS region which it gets from its secrets. It makes the deploy script executable the same deploy script that is already in our scripts. The Mac version, because it's a mac and Linux version. And this is why PC people, I told you that you had to keep the Mac version, the deployment scripts, because even though you only run the PC version locally for you, when GitHub the the the oars roll Arne, so that it has the right roll. And we then get get the outputs from that. Um, and uh, so you can see everything that's going on in the script by looking through these steps, spend some time on it. YAML means that that it's, it's very human readable. So it's very clear and easy to see what's going on. And you can understand the script. One more thing I have to do though, I can see from that white blob there that I haven't saved it yet, so I need to make sure I save it before we go on our first GitHub workflow. But we have a second one to talk about too. We've got one called destroy. We're going to set up a destroy YAML which will destroy an environment. Let me just drag all of this. Select that. Copy it in this directory here. New file destroy dot. Yes there it is. Paste in the contents. Remember to save. And let's have a look at it. Uh, it uh doesn't have any, any automated reasons.

@@@LECTURE 61 :: Day 5 - Live CI/CD Pipeline Deploy: From Git Push to Production AI Agent
Okay, let's do this. So I bring up a new terminal. I'm nervous. I got to admit, we've done quite a lot. Uh, here we go. New terminal. So, uh, git status tells us the situation. We've got these two deploy scripts, two destroy scripts, and we've got, uh, the Terraform backend that we've added as well. Um, and it doesn't show us here, but we've also got the, the GitHub part of it too. So let's do git add. It doesn't show us. Sorry, because it's just showing us the whole directory there. When we do git add dot. Now we do a git status. We should see everything. Here it is. We've got the destroy and deploy workflow ready to go. And then all of our updates to the scripts and backend. Git. Commit minus m could be famous last words. It may not work. First time. We'll see. And then git push and we'll see what happens. Off it goes. Let's go over to GitHub. So here we are in GitHub again. We come up and now we go to actions at the top here. Press there. And right away we see that there's a workflow that is running called add Cicd with GitHub actions. It's yellow and it's running. And you can see on the top left here there's there's two workflows deploy digital twin and destroy environment. And if I click on that first workflow we can see right here that it is running. And if I click in on this then we come in here and we see it's been running for 50 52 seconds now deploying to dev. Uh, and uh, things are happening and we're hoping that this is going to complete and our twin will have been deployed. Remember, we destroyed all infrastructure. So there's there's no digital twin right now. Uh, and it is hopefully deploying as we speak. Click into it. We can actually see what's going on. We can watch it happening. It's, uh, no surprise. Of course. It's in the cloud distribution part. Let's just scroll up and see what's been happening before this point. Uh, we see in, in in here running the deployment script, we see all of the different tasks. It checked out the code, configured the AWS credentials, set up Python, installed UV set up, Terraform set up node. It's currently running the deployment script. Here you can see all of it going uh, this is super familiar. I hope this is the part where it where it builds the, uh, the Lambda package and then zips it up, creating the Lambda deployment package, creating the zip file, initializing the backend. Uh, S3 uh, and, uh, yes, you can see, see all that's happening. Uh, I'm obviously not going to be able to keep this running commentary going for the full five minutes that it takes to, uh, to, to set up, uh, the CloudFront distribution. So I'll do the usual thing of going to the future. But this is so exciting. I'm going to be to be riveted looking at this and hoping for a home run and a first time deploy live. Fingers crossed. Let's see. So I can't resist giving you like, the live action commentary. It just completed CloudFront. It's going super fast. Uh, and uh, it's just, um, it's now because it's now done the deployment. It's got the bucket name and the memory bucket. But what it now needs to do is, of course, that final step of now building the front end package and deploying that with the right variables so that it has the right fetch URL so that the front end fetches the right back end. So that's what it's just compiled the Next.js page while I watch it. Just uh, this this this will run faster than I can speak. It's just, uh, finished that it got the deployment. Um, it's invalidated CloudFront so that the, the it refreshes with the very latest and it's just saying as the deployment summary, deployment complete CloudFront URL, API gateway, front end bucket and it's all finished successfully complete job. So, uh, I've been following along. You obviously don't need to. What you may well have done is just have gone to this, uh, this, this job, and you'll have seen this list of tasks that all ran successfully. The biggest one, of course, was the five minutes spent mostly configuring CloudFront. And what you can simply do is open up this deployment summary here, and you see a little report of where to go. And this tells you where we will find our running deployment. Let's try that now. So here we go I'm going to press uh link on on this link on the CloudFront URL. Earl. And up comes a digital twin. Uh. Hi there. Does it work? Fingers crossed. Is it going to get to our back end? Is it going to call AWS? And there we go. It worked. It worked. Do you like cheese? Why not? Do you like cheese? Let's see. Ah, there we go. We get a good answer. So. Wow. Ha! Uh, it it just worked. Uh, again. Uh, we this is this is very sophisticated. And if this is the first time that you've built, like, a CI, CD pipeline, you might be thinking this was an awful lot of work. It was a huge amount of configuration and faffing around with with that Terraform stuff and with AWS permissions. But you may not appreciate if you haven't. If you're not from a DevOps background or you haven't gone through and set up like a Jenkins pipeline before, you might not know how grueling this can be. This can be like weeks of work to set up a reliable, uh, process that can deploy build infrastructure automatically and deploy to to to dev like this on doing a git push that kind of thing is really, really hard. And so the fact that we got all of this done during during one day is in fact fantastic. And you should be blown away by by, dare I say it, by how easy this was. It probably didn't feel that easy, but, but but we did get it all done and it worked. And if yours isn't working, got some error, then roll up sleeves. I imagine there's gonna be just something, somewhere so easy. Any any tiny typo can cause a problem and they can be quite hard to track down. So. So that will be something for you. But I'm hoping that you've had the same experience as me here. And it just worked. And it's set up and it's deployed. And that is really, really cool. Uh, and, uh, just to show you one more time, if we if we go back to GitHub actions again, I'm just going to go, go right back. If it's supposing that we were looking at our code right here, we could click on actions. This brings up GitHub actions. Here you see the one the workflow run that we just did. You can see that it's my only run and it was successful. First time a beginner's luck. Uh, and uh I'm going to click on uh Deploy Digital Twin over here to look at the this this workflow. Here it is. It ran nine minutes ago. You can click in on it. Uh, there it is. Deploy to dev. Uh, that took five minutes and 29 seconds. You click into this, you see the different steps. You come down to deployment. Summary. This is where you go to get your URL for this deployment. Okay. Congratulations. Uh, and uh, we will do a little bit more testing. The next thing to show you is that we just deployed to dev by just doing a git push, just doing a git push. And off it went to dev and built the infrastructure. And it's a go. You might be wondering, okay, how about, uh, how do we do test and and prod? Well, we've got that set up. So you have to do that manually. You have to kick that off manually. You manually. You don't have to do anything manual. You have to you have to trigger it manually. Not not on a git push. But of course you can set things up in GitHub actions. You can do clever stuff like when someone accepts a PR review or does something. It can all happen automatically, but for now we are going to do it manually. And the way that you trigger that is that we go we go to GitHub actions over here we go to Deploy Digital Twin. This workflow over on the right here is a button run workflow. We press that drop down. We say that we want to deploy to test. You see how easy this is. And we press Run workflow. And that is now going to run a deployment to test. And one of the things that maybe you're wondering I don't know is uh, okay. But so basically the first time we run this, we want it to create all of the infrastructure subsequent times. We just want it to, to deploy. How is that going to work? And the answer is that that that works. By the magic of Terraform. Terraform automatically has the state. It knows the resources that are there, and Terraform just handles not recreating things when they already exist. So that is just something that we just trust with Terraform. That's that's what it's all about. That that idea, not only is it good at creating and destroying infrastructure, but it's also good at maintaining state. So you can just run the Terraform script again and it knows not to duplicate infrastructure. Uh, that's that's what it's all about. So we're now running the deploy digital twin, uh, to the test environment. And this time I won't get overexcited and give you a running commentary. I will come back in a minute or in five minutes when this has deployed, so we can check it out. And here we are seeing a green tick by deploy digital twin. Uh, so two runs, two green ticks. This is looking good. We go into here we click on deploy to test. We come down to the deployment summary step. Deployment complete. Here's the CloudFront URL. Ready. Drum roll. Click on this. Up it comes. Uh. Hi there. And where we go. It's working. It's working. I'm very happy to see that. Indeed. Okay. And now back to deploy Digital Twin. It's time for us to kick off our production deployment. So back we go. Uh, to, uh, to, to, um, the we'll start with actions and then go to deploy Digital Twin. And then over here we come to run workflow and we're going to choose Production prod. And we press Run workflow and off it goes. Any second now we should see our new workflow running. Is it going to be a hat trick. Am I going to have three for three all successful first time? Uh, we'll soon find out. It's, uh. There it goes. Off it starts. Uh, I will, uh, leave you again. Five minutes for me, a couple of seconds for you, and we'll see if this completes as well. Okay, here we go. Three for three. Uh, am I daring things? Not. Not even going to go in there. I'm just gonna open up a new tab and type add Digital Twin. And here we are. Here we have it. Uh, wow. Uh, this is our digital twin live on the internet. Let's say, uh. Hi there. Uh, check before I. Before I declare victory too early. Let's hope we get back a response. Now, serve me right if we get some failure, but. Well, no, we get a very meaty response indeed. There we go. We have our AI in production deployed three for three. That's really cool. I hope you're having the same experience. I hope that you, now, through the power of GitHub actions, have been able to deploy your latest code to dev, to test and to production. And you, like me, have three apps running here, uh, with uh, one of them being on a public URL. Uh, congratulations.

@@@LECTURE 62 :: Day 5 - Automated CI/CD Pipelines for Production AI Apps with Git Deploy
And another thing. Just one more thing to wrap this up. Let's make a change to the code. Let's change something in the code. Do a git push. See it all happen automatically. Let's make our digital twin a bit better. And let's start by adding a little profile. Picture an avatar to appear instead of that little robot on the left. It's a tiny thing, but it's kind of fun. So if you look in front end in, I'm back in cursor, obviously looking at the twin, uh, project, which is now a repo, I can now say looking at the twin repo front end, look at the public folder. Uh, we're going to drop in this folder a new file called avatar, which should be your favorite little profile picture of yourself. I've dropped one right here. I don't have a PNG, I've got a JPEG, so I'm going to make it avatar JPEG. Um, and I'm dropping that in the public folder. Move. There we go. You can copy and paste it from your file system avatar JPEG. And now we're going to update the twin component. And we're actually going to make two changes to the twin component points. We're going to update it to look for avatar or JPEG. And we're also going to fix that tiresome problem that has probably been irritating you that when you're chatting with your twin, every time you press enter, that field loses focus and you have to click back in it again to send your next message. Infuriating. And of course, we should fix it. I mentioned we were going to fix it, and you might have been thinking I forgot about that because it was ages ago, but I didn't forget. This is what I had in store for you fixing it when we do the git push for an auto deploy. All right. So we're going to select this right here this new version. Here it is. Here it is. It's it's I mean it's basically the same just just with those couple of extra parts in it. So I'm now going to go back. It feels like such a long time ago. We were in twin TSX, select all paste and save and now all I have to do myself is just look for avatar PNG and replace it with with avatar JPEG. So let's do avatar dot png. Uh, so I will change even the comments to JPEG. You don't need to do this if you have a PNG file. Uh, where next. And here. And where next? Here. Oopsie. There we go. Selected everything. Jpeg. And one more. Yeah. There we go. JPEG. Done. No more results. Save. All right. It's now avatar JPEG for me. Still PNG for you, I hope. And, uh, that is our change. Okay, back to the guide. Let's see what we're meant to do next. We just meant to commit and push the fix. There's one other change I want to make as well for the other change. Have you noticed? It looks a bit janky that when we bring up our digital twin, the. The title says, like, create next app or something? Um, and it just looks a little bit amateur. And the favicon, the little, uh, icon in the in the browser tab is like a is like a standard. Uh, I think it's a next app kind of icon. We should fix those things right now. So it's actually super easy to fix. Uh, we just come up to the app folder and you'll see in there is a favicon, uh, icon, which let's see what it is that, that is the Next.js. So we want to get rid of that, which we'll just right click and delete it, move to trash. And uh, then there's also a layout page which has within it this title create next app. Let's change that to honor, uh, Donna's digital twin. There we go. That will do. Description. An AI AI career twin for ad Donna. Uh, representing ad Donna. Okay. Along with recent news, cursor thinks, uh, okay, this seems good. Uh, and I just have to. I've also got my, uh, favicon right here. I just made a little, little favicon. If you don't know how to make them, then, then you just Google it. There's, like, endless, uh, tools for this, and I just have to drag that. Let's just collapse some of these other things that are holding me up here. Collapse that. And where does it need to go? It needs to go in the app page. Um, here it is. Favicon goes in the app folder. I mean there it goes. Move in it goes. I should mention when we, when we deploy this favicons get cached by the browser. So this this little extra piece might not actually appear. Uh, but anyways, that's another change for us to make. Uh, so those are a few minor enhancements. What do we do next? Well, we have to do so much work to go and and, uh, prepare everything for deployment. No, we don't. Of course, it's going to be very simple. Git status. Uh, there are the files we've changed. We've we've added the favicon, we changed the layout, we changed TSX, and we put, um, an avatar in it. End public. Right. That's where we were told to put it. Yes. Okay. Good. So now we do uh git add dot git status again. Always worth checking what we see. There are our four changes ready to be made. Git commit. Various UI refinements. And we do a git push and that should be it. Git push. There we go. Off it goes. Somewhere on the internet. GitHub is whirring up and it's setting up its VM. It's running the workflow. It's going to be looking in our S3 buckets for Terraform states. That's going to be hitting AWS. Everything will be happening. Let's go and take a look. I've just quickly I've gone over to GitHub. I've gone to actions. We can see that this is busily running various UI refinements. It's happening deploying to dev. It's been going for a minute. It's currently uh. No doubt. Uh, where are we? It's, uh it's it's moving pretty quickly. It's, uh, in our favorite place. No surprise. Shockingly. And, uh, I will let this do its thing, and I'll be right back with you. Well, here we are, back at GitHub actions again, and we're four for four for green ticks. That's what I like to see. Uh, okay. So now we go into this workflow into deploy to dev. We scroll down, we go to Deployment Summary and we have a CloudFront URL right here. We'll add it in here. First thing you notice right away Edna's digital twin. We've got a different title to the others. As I warned you, the favicon hasn't updated because browsers cached them, but hopefully that will at some point update. But it's cool to see that change immediately there. Hello, I'm interested to see that avatar. Were you expecting that as well? Uh, and now I'll say hi there and we press send that in and you can see my little avatar there as I'm thinking. And you can see we've got focus back there. No more need to click any more. Our UI refinements have been deployed. It worked perfectly flawlessly. Four times out of four. You've just seen how easy it is, how incredibly easy it is to make some changes to the app, do a git push and Bam! They're deployed live on the internet, available publicly. I would say that that is success.

@@@LECTURE 63 :: Day 5 - Resource Management and Cost Control for Production AI Systems
And so there's a few activities for us to do to wrap up, after this amazing week and a huge amount of infrastructure we've built. First of all, you should yourself go in as your IAM user and look at CloudWatch and use that as a way to track things like the calls, the invocations of the of Nova through bedrock and look at the logs, look at the lambda logs, satisfy yourself of everything that's going on across your different environments. We showed how to do that before, so you should now be an expert at that. And so so go do that. And then what I want to share with you is, is another AWS thing which for which we need to go in as the root user. I have logged in here as the root user. Look at the top right. You can see it's my name. We are indeed in as the root. And I'm going to search now for something new, a new one we're going to look at which is going to be the AWS Resource Explorer. Um, this is something we can do to get an overview of all of the different AWS resources that we currently have running. And I'm going to type twin so that we can have a look at all of the different twin related resources. You can see. There's some for tests, there's some for prod, there's some for dev, there's S3 buckets, there's there's all sorts of stuff going on, lots of different things that we have running related to our twin. And with that, the next thing in store for us is to get rid of them. Let's destroy them all. We could go through this console and spend an awfully long time destroying them all. Or we could use that other convenient GitHub workflow that we set up, which just calls our destroy script that we wrote before. Let's do that. So back we are in GitHub GitHub actions. Uh, and we're going to go to this is this is all of our workflows that we're seeing right here. We're going to go to the destroy environment workflow. Here it is. It's not been run yet. We're going to click here. And we're going to start by destroying the dev environment. It's one of these tabs here that's running. Let's look at that. This environment destroy. We have to type the environment name again to destroy it. A little check that we've got in there clicking to run the workflow. Off it goes. In a second, this screen should refresh to show that it's running, and when it does so I'll click in on it so we can watch it anxiously. There it is. Click on it. Here it goes. Click in on it again to see the steps that are going on. It's running the destroy script right now. Look at it. I'm not touching anything. If you think that I'm running this, this is a machinery in in motion. And as usual, it's going to get hung up on CloudFront, which is where it takes time. Look at all that so much stuff happening, destruction complete and that all finished. And it does say environment dev has been destroyed. That's another successful job for us. Okay so back to GitHub actions uh, to destroy. Look at that. Now we're five greens. Uh, can I make this a complete home run? Next up, time to destroy the test Environment. Test. Test. Run. Workflow. And off we go. Destroying test. See you in a second. And you're probably getting bored of this by now. But sure enough, the second one ran successfully. So now we just come on in. We do run workflow. Now it's time for us to kick off the production destruction prod. We type prod again to confirm the destruction, press the workflow button, let it do its thinking and I will see you back in a minute. And there we have it. Production also destroyed three successful destroys run for dev and Test and Prod. And so if we go to all of our workflows here, we have the the three original deploys, the UI refinements push and the three destroys. All looking good. And presumably if we now come over here and try and hit this, we get a page cannot be displayed. We try and hit this page can't be displayed and page cannot be displayed. And you get the message. Page cannot be displayed. We have success. And now if we go back to AWS in as the root user, go into the AWS Resource Explorer and search again for twin. I think it was like 35 or something. Resources. Before there's now 13 resources. There's still some resources. Why why is that you ask? Well, unless you already know why that is. Uh, first of all, there's some logs here and logs may hang around. That seems like a fine thing. And then the other stuff is the DynamoDB with the the Terraform locks and the role that we set up. And the S3 bucket. This is the kind of one time not associated with any environment, but set up for GitHub actions, and we wouldn't want to delete that. So that is all still here along with this thing here is from a different, different setup I did. You can ignore that one. And there's also that dashboard that I set up. Now these Terraform states that these do these do cost something. If you're not on your free, uh period then there is a tiny, tiny charge associated with them. So should you be completely done with the twin project? You can go out and and delete all of these as well. Um, but it is really very, very small. Um, but otherwise you can see for sure we're down to the bare bones. We're down to like the configuration stuff, the actual environments, the, the real Lambda, S3, CloudFront, and API gateways associated with our three environments have all been completely destroyed, and the resources is the right place to do this, to find it out. And just before we leave the AWS console, there's something else that we should do that you should always do every so often, which is come in and look at billing and cost management, billing and cost management. And my numbers are probably ticking up for various other reasons, but yours should not be, uh, you should come into this. You should see your costs. You should see a little chart here of what you're spending money on. And you should be absolutely sure that it's what you expect, that everything is looking good. You can always come in and analyze your costs. You can see what's costing what, if anything, is costing anything. And if you have anything that is costing that you're not expecting, then go in and delete it. And that is part of your healthy cost management, budget management that you should do on a regular basis. Okay. With that, that that really does conclude the lab for today. It was quite a long lab but but wow we got a lot done. Let's go back for the wrap up. Now look, I've got to come clean with you. I hope that you got six green checks right there. And you have had full success first time round, and I made out as if I did, too. But as you probably guessed, that's not entirely accurate. It. Whilst it is true I did have six greens there, I'm not perhaps completely revealing the fact that this is not my first time running this particular project. Uh, but that in preparation for this course, I of course set this up and ran it a couple of times. And believe me, I've had my fair share of reds. Uh, and, uh, I have, I have, but my head against the wall, as you probably have had to to. But I was writing all of that, that code the first time and made plenty of mistakes along the way. So it is. It's something. It's an experience. You get better and better at it. That's where the real learning happens. So if you've been cursing, uh, hopefully not cursing me, but cursing, cursing, Terraform and GitHub actions all, all the last few days, then that's par for the course. That's what it takes. And as a result, you now have deeper expertise than your friends who happen to get lucky and have green. First time you did better than them. Uh, and I should also reveal that while I've talked about this week as if it's a one week, uh, part of the course, uh, it took me way longer than a week to get everything working properly. And so this this is definitely. It feels like this whole course every week is really beefy. And we got so much done. And if it took you a lot longer than a week, then, then I'm not surprised. I think it's a week. If you really did, did very little else for a week. Uh, there's a lot packed in. But anyways, we built a digital twin app with memory in day one. After talking about different architectures, we then deployed it to AWS using the AWS console that involved building a serverless architecture using Lambda. S3 API gateway CloudFront. And we wrote Terraform scripts to create and destroy three different mirror environments where the production environment. We also used a registered domain name and set up the DNS configuration associated with that, including SSL certs. And then we automated everything with GitHub actions so that we can git push to deploy. We can promote between environments and we can destroy environments. That is what we got done this week. Wow. Oh and yes we also were using Amazon Bedrock and we connected with Amazon's Nova Foundation models. There were some AI. There were some AI in this. Uh, so as before to to make the point that putting AI into production has AI involved through an AI lens. But a lot of the work is like core platform engineering stuff. But hopefully I've taken you through this always with that AI lens. like the conversation history as well. And this brings me to the assignment for you. So some of you may have taken my AI course and already built a digital twin that had nothing like the production capability. It was a Gradio app, but what it did have was things like the use of tools to be smarter. So if the person asks a question that it doesn't know, it's able to look it up and record. It's able to look up the record. The fact that it didn't know the answer, it's able to send a push notification. And we also record some some of the details. And my suggestion for you is now is your opportunity to go and beef up this, this, uh, llm this, this application, whether or not you've taken the Agentic course, you should still be able to dig in and get this done, add in some tools, uh, perhaps use an S3 bucket to record questions that the LLM doesn't know the answers to, and to look up what's been answered in the past, and also to record contact details and add that S3 bucket to your Terraform scripts and deploy with GitHub actions. Do everything back to front so that the, the the digital twin that you have deployed to production on your public URL is a fully functional, powerful digital twin. And you can share that repo so that everyone can see your expertise. And if you have any troubles doing that, particularly adding in that extra functionality, then message me. That's what I'm there for, particularly when it comes to coding. That's where I can really help quickly. So do get in touch. And when you successfully do this and you deploy your digital twin, whether or not you've added more functionality, please post about it on LinkedIn, get people excited about it. And if you tag me and say, look at my digital twin, uh, the I will weigh in, I will jump in and I will try it out, of course. Uh, and then I'll weigh in with some comments. And that way it amplifies what you've done around the community and to other people that I'm connected with and generally on LinkedIn helps shine a spotlight on your achievements and your expertise. And with that, congratulations on getting to halfway to Completing and surviving week two. What a week. Uh, Congratulations on that now. My editor would kill me if I didn't just mention the fact that if you have a moment to go in and rate this course on Udemy, it makes an enormous difference. That's how it's one of the main ways Udemy decides whether or not to show this course to other people. And it's it's so big to to build a community around the course and getting people hearing about it is, is the biggest part of the challenge. So racing the course makes a massive difference and I'd be super, super grateful. So, uh, yes, please. Uh, and with that, that does finally bring us to the wrap up for week two. This is where we are. Look at all those filled in boxes. It's been an enormous week. Going forwards. We will only use Terraform. No more clicking around consoles for us next week. I've got GCP, I've got Azure, I've got SageMaker, more AI. We've got some vectors and we've got MCP. There's so much to look forward to. It's a lot more AI ish. Next week you'll be pleased to hear Core Platform Engineering. You're now an expert. It's time for more AI. It's time for week three. I'll see you then.

@@@END_BATCH
