@@@LECTURE 52 :: Day 4 - Automating AI Deployments with Terraform and Shell Scripts
And that's the heavy lifting done for Terraform. We're in the final pieces now. We need to set some default variable values. And this goes into a file called Terraform vars the defaults. So terraform new file two. Dot t vars terraform variables. Paste that in. So by default the project name is twin environment is dev. We're going to use the micro model by default. And these are the other the other values like the timeout of 60 and so on. And don't use a custom domain that is our default okay. So these are settings that for for the the variables right. Right here under under variables. Um back to the the instructions. We also need to make a quick little update to the front end. Uh, the in the front end, we've actually got it hard coded to go to localhost 8000. Like that. We're going to have to just change this to a slightly more sophisticated version. Change this this URL to be right here. So I'm going to just copy this right here. That's going to replace the URL in twin TSX. This is the URL called by our static frontend to the server. We can't make this that that that manual 8000 line anymore. So let's go and make that change. That is in um 20 uh s which is in front end in components in TSX. Here it is. Uh, and of course we did. We already changed it to be going. We hardcoded not localhost of course, because otherwise nothing would have worked. We had hardcoded it to be the the execute before we tried that out. Uh and now we're going to paste in here this and save that. And now it's going to take this environment variable instead. Okay. Now let's go back to uh, the um the Terraform code. Uh, sorry, the guide, I mean, and now we are going to, uh, come down here and we're finally at the time to create our deployment scripts, which are the shell scripts that we will run locally to kick off the Terraform process. Let's do that next. Actually, before we go on, I want to take a moment to to step back and explain something that I think I glossed over because it's, it's hard. So, uh, the twin TS file, this is part of our front end. This is something that's statically turned into a website. And we put this we put it into the CloudFront distribution. It goes all over the world. And it includes this line here, which is the place where your browser makes a call to the API gateway. And originally when we wrote this, this was hard coded to look at localhost 8000. And and that's because we're running everything locally. And we needed our front end locally just to hit our local server when we deploy this to AWS. We first deployed Lambda and then the API gateway and set that up. And then we came back here and we put over here the, the the the URL of our gateway deployment. So that that was then hard coded in so that this would always, uh, when it was deployed to the browser, the browser would always fetch from our API gateway route. And that's how we did it. And then we deployed our front end. Now we need to be able to do this in a repeatable way. And this involves digging into our code. So that's not something that Terraform is going to be able to do. It can't like edit the code you've got. And that's why this is an example of something which which then then requires you to take a bit of a step back. We need to make sure that in our code this is something that's configurable. And we'll use like a, like a Next.js way of having a variable that can get changed when this is actually built. And this kind of, this kind of bringing together of how your deployment is going to work is the kind of thing that you have in your deploy scripts, which brings everything together, which is what we're just about to do now and which is responsible for kicking off your Terraform process. So with that, let me let me save this change. And I hope that change looks a bit more sense to you now. And you see why this is this is a tricky part of the whole process that stitches together our front end and our back end. Okay, I feel better about that now. Now that we've explained that, I now want to take you to the deployment scripts. So we have different scripts for Mac and Linux, uh, and scripts for PowerShell for, for PC users. And I'm going to start by focusing on the Mac scripts. And by the way, if you're a PC user and you have WSL, I would always personally suggest that you do things in your ubuntu side. It's just going to make things more consistent for you. Uh, but uh, but anyways, you can choose for sure, but I'm on a mac, so I'm going to take the Mac script and I'm going to put it, I'm going to make a new folder called scripts. So let me do that now. New folder. I'm going to call it scripts. It's a new top level folder. And in this I'm going to put a new script called Deploy new file deploy shell. There it is. And I'm going to paste in that whole script. Here we go. And uh, let's just take a quick look at this deployment script. Okay. So it builds it first goes ahead and builds that Lambda package. You remember when we went to to backend and we did UV run deploy. Py see that Python is a superfluous. You can have it, but it's not needed. UV run deploy py is what we want. Uh, and uh we're then going to go into the terraform directory and we call terraform init. That sets up terraform. That gets Terraform started. Uh we are then going to change the workspace uh to make we're going we're going to select a workspace that is going to be given by a variable. We'll pass in with this script. And that is going to be the word uh dev test or prod. Those are going to be our three workspaces for a development environment, a test environment and a production environment because we're actually going to build three different environments with this. Imagine if we had to do that through the console. It would kill us. Uh, but it's going to be wonderfully simple using Terraform. Uh, we then called Terraform apply. That is the next command I think I mentioned to you, you do terraform init and then terraform apply. And that is where it actually runs a Terraform script. And it's then going to do all of its stuff. Uh, we then are going to, to uh, do the part where we, uh, this is, this is the hard part that I mentioned to you. This is where we go into the front end directory, and we're going to set this variable next public API URL to be the API. Uh, that came out of the, the uh, Terraform apply. And then we are going to use that to then push to AWS the front end bucket. Does that make sense. We do the Terraform apply and then we see okay so what was the gateway URL. We put that into this this environment variable for Next.js. And then we build our static site. And we push that to the front end bucket. And then we will be done and we will output the results. And so that's why that's what you need to do with the deployment script. And that's how you can think about the difference between the Terraform sets up all the resources, configures all the environment, but where you have something that requires you to come in and configure something in your code, and then do like a push of your, of your, of your data, that's something you would typically do in a deployment script just like this. Okay. Let's now just quickly make the script for PC. So come in here I'm going to go to the PC side. And obviously if you're on a mac you don't need to do this. But I will do it for completeness. Deploy one. So I copy all of this copy and I go to scripts New file, deploy PS1 and paste that in there. And it complains that it doesn't have PowerShell because I'm on a mac. When you do this on a PC, it's also going to prompt you to install a plugin so that it can highlight it looking nicely like this. And you should go ahead and do that so you get nicely highlighted. Uh, PowerShell script. But now we have these two scripts. And since I'm on a mac, there is one final thing that I need to do. Um, which is I need to come in here, and I need to, uh, on a mac, you will need to run this chmod command, uh, from, uh, that means that we can actually run the deploy script. So if I just bring up a new terminal window. Here it comes, I CD, I don't need CD scripts. I can just run this from from twin. And this is something that, uh, you could Google it if you don't know what chmod does, but it makes sure that I can actually have permission to run that script only needs to be done on a mac or Linux. Uh, but for PC people, you will actually need to also bring across this deploy.sh for reasons that will become clear later. Even though you can't actually run it on your box, you might be wondering why. Uh, you will see. So those are our deployment scripts. We're getting very close to being done now.

@@@LECTURE 53 :: Day 4 - Automating Full-Stack AI Deployment with Terraform and AWS
Oops. Did you spot my intentional error there? I, uh, I seem to have skipped step five in my haste to get to using Terraform. Uh, which would be a mistake. Step five defining the outputs file Terraform outputs needs to be done as well. Maybe you did it already and you're thinking, why didn't I do that? Uh, you should have told me. So. I copy this file and we go into our Terraform directory. You'll see that I did not create that right click new file. And this one is called outputs. Remember in practice, all these TF files get get scrunched together by Terraform. The outputs file is just by convention you call it outputs TF. You can call it whatever you want. But this defines the different um attributes that will that will come out, uh, once the whole environment is up and running. And there they are. Things like the most importantly, the CloudFront URL, that is the URL CloudFront distribution that we'll be able to go to. Um, but these are the variables that come out of the end. All right. Okay. Again Another moment of truth. Moment of truth. Let's let's do this. So we start by going into the Terraform directory. CD Terraform. Okay. And now the first of the Terraform commands which is terraform init. Okay. Are you ready for this Terraform init. And this is what we're expecting to see. Okay. It's installing the, uh, the the the right stuff seems promising. And once it's done this, we're then going to kick off our deploy. That's going to be the moment when we, when we run this. And all of the other Terraform commands that we have to run are going to be run by our script, not by us. So you won't get to type Terraform, apply yourself. But you saw where it was in the script. Okay. So that that was successful. Um, and uh, it seems to be happy. So we're now going to go up a directory when it says CD twin, it means be sure that you're in the directory called twin, which is one up from Terraform. And now we go into and now that that's it. And this is how you, you kick off a script. We can do this now on a mac because we, we did that chmod command. That means that this is now an executable. So I type dot slash scripts slash deploy SSH. And now after this we put the namespace that we want to use the workspace. Sorry that is like a namespace. And that should be the word dev test or prod. Because our script is designed to look for one of those three words. And that will allow us to set up an entire parallel environment of all of those different bits of infrastructure for each of those, uh, different workspaces. And the name of each thing is going to be twin dash, dev dash, uh, S3 or whatever, or memory or front end, uh, twin dash, test dash and so on. So I'm going to do the word dev, which means we're going to get a, a whole universe created for us with dev as the workspaces for that environment, for our development environment. And let's do it. So it's it's going to say it's saying deploying. Uh, it's too fast for me to give a, a commentary, but it's running that script that packages things up in back end. So if I look in back end right now, uh, um, here we go. It is creating this Lambda package. Um, and it just made a zip file and it's now this is running the Terraform stuff. You're seeing it creating all of these different resources, S3 buckets, CloudFront distributions. It's all happening while we watch. Uh, this is extremely exciting. And I feel I feel like if you hadn't been through the journey of day two of this week, you wouldn't appreciate the heavy lifting that's going on. You would, uh, you'd think, okay, so it's just a script, but, you know, everything that's happening and you know that it sucks and it's difficult. And this is making it easy. Now, one of the things you may remember is that actually getting the cloud distribution, uh, up there took 5 to 10 minutes of waiting and we just had to keep pressing refresh. And you might have wondered, how is the Terraform script going to handle the fact that we have to wait until that completes? And now you're seeing it, handles it by polling and by telling you every 10s that it's still creating, and it's going to do this for the next 5 minutes or 10 minutes. Even so, this is another time when I'm going to suggest that you fast forward into the future. Unless you're running this yourself, in which case which you should be. So you'll be having to wait. Wait 5 to 10 minutes and I will see you when it completes. And hopefully we have a complete infrastructure built just like that. Okay. Well, what do you think? Is it going to work first time? Here's what I see. I hope you see something very similar. We've got all of the positive outputs here. Deployment, complete exclamation mark and the CloudFront URL. This is one of the outputs from the outputs file that I slipped in the last minute that I almost skipped. Uh, okay. I'm going to follow this link and drumroll please. Here we go. Open up it comes. Well we're seeing a digital twin. That's a great sign. Let's say hi there. And this is using that very cheap model, I think. So it should be. Uh, there we go. It's working. That's just called an API that we just created. Remember we deleted all of the resources. So this is all definitely created by Terraform a whole environment. All of the steps that we took has just happened automatically. And we've just got back a response. I guess we should check that the memory is working. Um, my name's Alex. Uh, see if this this works. Uh, um, what's my name? Ah ha ha. Looks like I can record. Uh, it's got the models too small to handle this. I'm pretty sure we've got memory. Um, how can we possibly, uh. Let me just try it again. My name's Alex. How did I introduce myself just then? Let's try this. Introduce myself then. A bit of a mix up, but you mentioned your name was Alex. That's good enough. Let's not confuse the micro. Uh, the model, uh, with this perplexing conversation. The bottom line is it's got the conversation history. This stuff is working. Terraform deployed. We just did, like, a whole day's worth of work of setting up and configuring in one short script. And, uh, you should now test this and satisfy yourself. Convince yourself that this is, in fact, working. But we can do more than convince ourselves that this thing is working. We can go to the AWS console. We can go in, sign in as our R user, and we can go and have a look at Lambda and see what's there. And what we'll find is that there is a lambda function called twin dash dev dash API. That is the version that's just been created by our function, uh, by by our Terraform script. Sorry. And we can come in and we can see it all here. We'll see that the code has all been set up. You could go in and convince yourself that environment variables have been set, uh, including uh, the, uh, all of the right variables, including let's let's go and take a look. Let's go into environment variables. And we'll see here the bedrock model ID is micro. The cause origins has been set to match the CloudFront distribution that it made at the end. The S3 bucket is a bucket going into memory and uses three is true. Let's go and have a look at that S3 bucket. Let's just check that everything is really working here. Go back to search for S3, bring up S3. Uh, here is a twin dash dev dash memory and then the account ID at the end of it. Let's select that. Let's go into it and then let's uh, go into this JSON blob right here. And this one JSON blob, because we only had one conversation, let's open it and just see the confusing conversation about Alex. And the name is right there. It's working. It's really working. This is going in S3. The the all these resources are there. You can go and check all of them. They will all be there. This is terrific.

@@@LECTURE 54 :: Day 4 - Multi-Environment AI Deployments: Dev, Test, and Production Setup
And now I hope to completely blow your mind, because now I'm going to do this wonderful thing of running our deployment script a second time, but with a different parameter. I'm going to do dot slash scripts, slash deploy, but instead of writing the word dev, I'm going to write the word test and press enter. And what it's going to do now, as I'm sure you've guessed, is it's going to go through and do the same thing again. Package everything up, run Terraform again. But now we've got the different workspace selected, the test workspace. And that means that all of our resources will be created with dash test in the name rather than dash dev. And that means that we're going to get a second parallel setup of this entire world, this this universe on S3, on AWS. I mean, with all the different AWS components all connected together, uh, and the two of them will will be able to, to coexist, uh, and they'll be completely independent from each other because they have different names everywhere. One of them has dash dev and one of them has dash test and they'll be hooked up independently. Two separate environments. Now, while it's doing this, one pro thing that we have not done, is that a really professional way of doing this is actually to have different IAM users set up for your different environments, so that actually we'd be we'd be logging in as a different user and we'd have sort of permissions isolation between them. And we've not done that. That's one that I'll leave as an, as an exercise for the, for the, for the viewer. Uh, but we are setting up a parallel test environment. We're back at the point where it's going to take five minutes. And so, uh, and hopefully you are too. And so both of us will now take our five minute jump in the future. And I'll see you when it's done. Well, here we go. Done again. Deployment complete CloudFront URL right here. Okay. Let's see what happens if we click on this. Open up comes the browser. Here is the digital twin. Hi there. Let's see what it says. As a lambda function that's spinning up. And there it goes. Uh uh, do you like cheese? See how it handles this? Ah ha ha. I'm not allergic, but I'm just not a fan. It gets it right. Uh. Very nice. Uh, and so you can see I've got another tab here. This is the conversation we just had with our development. One. Um, uh, we'll ask it. Do you like cheese? Uh. Why not? Uh, and so you can see we're having two conversations in parallel with, uh, two different, uh, twins running on different URLs. This one is one. CloudFront distribution ends e zero, this one ends LR different CloudFront distribution. Uh, different uh uh, API gateway, a different lambda and different S3 buckets. The whole infrastructure is different. But once again, you don't need to take my word for it. We can go to AWS. We can go into the console and we're signing in of course, as the IAM user. Always. Let's which one should we pick? Let's pick lambda. Uh, why not go into Lambda. And what we'll see here is that there is a twin dev. And there's also a twin test. Uh, there's two of them. And we can go to, uh. Uh. Yes. CloudFront distribution. Here it is. Here's CloudFront. And we should see there's two distributions. One of them is called. One of them is is, uh, connected to twin test front end and then and then our ID and one of them is, uh, twin dev. And so we have our dev distribution and our test distribution. These two are separate, isolated environments, completely separate. We've just deployed two environments, and they are live on the internet. Okay, so now, uh, I am going to, um, uh, skip part seven. We're going to come back to part seven because I'm going to the optional part eight, which is optional should you wish. And it's about making a production deployment. Uh, so here we go. Uh, production deployment with a custom domain, a domain name of your choice. Now, the reason this is optional is that that costs something. And it's not even AWS charging you now, it's I mean, AWS does charge you, but they're just passing on the costs that it costs to to register a domain name. But I feel like this might be something that you feel is deserving of a domain name, either because you like the idea of having a digital twin with its own URL, or just because it is a good experience to have to register your own domain in this way and to hook it up to a live production environment. But you might have your own domain already, in which case this will show you how to do that too. Um, but and, and also, of course, if you, if you have your own domain name already and you're already serving web pages through it, then you can just embed, uh, this, this page is like an iframe or something. So there's there's other ways of doing it that would be a bit easier than setting up a domain. But this is a great practice. It's a great thing to do. And we're going to do it. I'm going to do it for me. You can watch along and should you wish, you can do it yourself too. Um, and this will need us to use the console. The the actual setting up of the domain is a one time thing. Uh, but we will be using Terraform to connect us to the domain. Uh, but to do things like DNS records, if you're familiar with them, all of that set up, the DNS configuration will all be terraformed. But the registering of the domain, the one time thing and the spending. What is it, $15 usually for, for, for for a normal dotcom that we are going to do ourself and we're going to do it as a root user, not as a IAM user. And we're going to be doing it in route 53, which is AWS name for their service for domain registration and DNS entry. Let's go over and do that now. So here I am signed in as my root user, which you can tell because it says Ed up there and it should have your root name right up at the top there. And we're going to go to route 53. Uh, and uh, here it is. And route 53 is where you can set up your domains. And I've already set one up. And I'm not going to set up a second one. That would be too much. So that's why I'm going to tell you what I did. I'm going to go in here. It's called Digital twin. Uh, and uh, the way that you set one up is you press Register Domains and you can then check availability. So I could do like Edward Digital twin digital twin and search for that domain and see if that exists. It does exist and it is $15. That's how much it will set you back if you want to get Edward Digital Twin, which unless your name is Edward, in which case, uh, good name. Um, but otherwise that wouldn't be a great choice for you. But do find a domain that you like, should you want to do this and then select it, and then it makes you fill in a few questions, uh, which is part of the registration process. Um, and I think they do like that domain name cover up thing things so that your privacy is protected, which AWS offers for free. I think at least they did to me. Um, and once you've gone through that, there's then a period you have to wait, and you also have to verify your email, and then you will have a registered domain and it will look just like that. And once you've done that, uh, we're in great shape. That's all that you need to to configure. You don't need to do all the DNS records and all the stuff if you're familiar with this, that's again, it's a lot of work. It's like setting up a whole ton of services from from scratch. But Terraform wonderfully is going to handle all of that for us right now. Okay, so we're back in our code again. And, uh, what we now have to do is create a new configuration file called prod vars. So this overrides the default in the case that we're in production. Um, because of this environment right here. So so we go in to Terraform and right click and do new file and do prod vars. There it is. And we paste in this. Here we go. Project name is twin. Environment is prod. And we're going to use you know what for. This is production. So I'm going to use Pro up Amazon Nova Pro which is still super cheap. It's still the same or slightly cheaper than than Claude Haiku. So it's still very cheap. Everything else. And then. Uh yourdomain.com. This better be my actual domain editor. Sorry. Which is editor digital twin. Com okay, there it is. I don't know how it knew that, but that's cursors magic. Um, add digital twin. Com I think that's right. If it's not right then then then shout so that I know, uh, um, okay. And I think that should be it. This is all we have to do somehow, amazingly, because I believe that everything's already set up for us. Let me check my instructions, make sure that is it. Uh, and that's because we did already define this. If I go to the, um, main.tf, you'll see that that down here already is all this stuff. It sets up a certificate, an SSL certificate. It gets that, it gets it sets DNS records. Uh, look at all this configuration that happens. And I tell you, I don't know if you've done this before yourself, if you've done this sort of infrastructure work to set up DNS records and certificates, certs and stuff. Uh, for, for a hostname, it's it's a lot of work. And Terraform is going to do it all for us. Uh, so let's open up a new terminal and let's do dot slash scripts, slash deploy dot shell. And that should be it. Let's give it a whirl. I'm almost nervous. Uh, and as before, we know what happens. The deploy script starts by rebuilding the zip file of our lambda function. And the deploy script is then going to hand over control to terraform, and the deploy script takes over at the very end And to upload the right static site to S3. So it's all happening. The AWS resources are being created. You can imagine it just clicking around all of those screens. We've already got the full development environment and the full test environment. And now we are adding our third environment, the prod environment. But it's a bit different. It also has a hostname. And remember, it's going to have to come back at the end and make sure that our Cors configuration is set up to match that digital twin. Uh, you remember that really long that that sort of if statement thing, uh, that was uh, that, that was in the Terraform script. Um, that's, that's all got to happen as well. So a lot has to happen again. We've got the five minutes so you can see, look, it's it's, uh, it just created the, uh, it's doing the cert stuff. You can see that it's setting up the DNS records for digital twin. Com. Uh, so all is happening, uh, the distribution, of course, still 5 to 10 minutes. So once more into the future with us. I'll see you then.

@@@LECTURE 55 :: Day 4 - Testing Production AI Deployments and Terraform Cleanup Workflows
Okay. It's finished. This seems too good to be true, but I doubt it will come. Deployment complete cloud CloudFront URL and there is a distribution custom domain add digital twin. Should we give it a try? What? What do we put money on it. Let's see if it works. First time command click open the third digital twin. It's come up. So just to recap this is development. This is test. This is production coming out of digital twins secure with a certificate with SSL. Let's say hi there and let's see if we get a pro response. It's spinning up a lambda the first time. It will always take a few more seconds than usual. And here we go. There is an answer. It's working. I'm gonna just add, if you prefer. I'm thrilled you found your way. It seems all pretty good to me. Uh. Let's try. Uh, do you like cheese? Let's see if we get a substantive answer. Uh, it was very quick. Uh, uh, there we go. It's quite a balanced answer. That's clever that it that it figured out that I like French food and that makes it unusual. I don't think I said that in my in my spiel. Uh, and, uh, yeah, that's just brilliant. That's brilliant. So here we are, deployed to production live at Digital Twin, or you are live on your URL. Congratulations. And we've got three parallel environments all set up, all in, uh, in AWS. One more time. I know you believe me. This time you didn't believe me the first time, but now you believe me. Now you believe me, I know it. But just to double check, let's go to the cloud. Uh, CloudFront distribution. Here we have it. Uh, there they are. There are the three, uh, twin prod, twin test, twin dev, and there's digital twin there as well. Uh, it's all running three distributions. There'll be three lambda functions. There'll be six S3 buckets. Uh, there'll be three API gateways. It's all there. It's all happening. Congratulations to us. Well, I'm super happy. Everything has just worked out like this. And I think it's a really happy that you've got to see all of it. Let's now just go and finish off with that delete stuff. The destroy that we skipped over. Let's go back to the instructions. Uh, down here day four open preview. And we are, uh, somewhere near the end. We just want to do our deleting of the of the steps. Um, there are some best practices here, some troubleshooting. Uh, and, uh, let's go back up to step seven. Here it is. Okay. So step seven begins by defining a couple of scripts, a shell script for for Mac Linux and a PowerShell script for for windows. Let's create this. And here it is. Copy that. And we're now going to go in to the scripts folder, new file, and I'm going to call it destroy. Destroy shell. That's a new script. Paste in that script and save. And then also go back to this this guide and look for the PowerShell. And we must remember to chmod which we'll do next. Uh windows people don't need to chmod. Uh here we go. Take all of this. Copy this. Make a PowerShell script. Mac people don't need to make a PowerShell script, but I will anyway. New file deploy ps1 o deploy destroy ps1. Uh, and paste and mixing up. Deploy and destroy is not a good idea. Maybe I shouldn't have named them. So similarly, uh, some modding to bring this up to that screen chmod plus x to to scripts. Slash destroy. Ah, Destroy shell. Done. Okay, so now let's see if we can bring down the environments as easily as we brought them up. Starting with the development environment. So we will do um, we will do a dot slash scripts slash destroy dev. Let's see if we can bring down the development environment. Switch to the workspace dev. It's first has to empty the S3 bucket. Do you remember the way we. Before we could delete the S3 bucket, we had to empty them. Well, Terraform is wise to such such trickery and it is already deleting those S3 buckets. It's destroying the whole development environment as we watch. It's going feverishly through all the different things, but where it will, uh, become stuck, I do believe, is when we get to the CloudFront distribution, our old enemy. Uh, so again with the five minutes. Uh, but this time, I think I'm not going to bore you with three sets of five minutes. I'm going to do this, and then I'm going to destroy the test environment. And then I'm also going to destroy the prod environment as well. All of that stuff that we did. And it does not, of course, remove the, the, um, domain that we registered that we paid $15 for. We keep hold of that. It destroys all of the records, it destroys the certificates. It gets rid of all that stuff, uh, leaving us only with the registered domain. All of the associated S3, uh, AWS resources will have been removed. Okay. See you in in just a few seconds, but but in, like, 15 minutes for me. Well, all three destroy scripts ran fine and well and says completely destroyed. And what we can now do, by the way, it then gives you something about removing the Terraform workspace, which is just about removing that from from your Terraform, uh, state here that you can ignore that, that that's not about Amazon resources. Let's bring up our, um, usual AWS console. And let's just convince ourselves, if we go back one more time, let's say to the CloudFront, where we just were, where we saw three, and now we are back to the Get Started screen that you probably saw before. Uh, with a CloudFront distribution, there are no CloudFront distributions. All three sets of AWS services have been destroyed by Terraform. So wasn't that easy? Isn't it great? Now we can now bring up and bring down a distribution, a whole, a whole set of services just by running in one script, and it creates everything, and it does make life so simple and so repeatable and reproducible. And the slowest part of it is creating those, uh, cloud CloudFront distributions. But there's a lot going on there. It's pushing out content all over the place. So we have to forgive it for taking a few minutes to do such heavy lifting. Um, but that does complete the day for, uh, instructions. There's a ton of interesting stuff for you to peruse at the end of this document. Um, which includes after after the optional section that I hope some of you have done with the production deployment, there's a bit more about, um, about looking at, uh, the, the workspace and other things. And there's a bit more about about testing and troubleshooting and the like. So you could have a look through all of that. But we will now go back to the slides to wrap up. And so there you have it. This is again our architecture diagram that you have committed to memory. Now after us going through all those console screens, I hope you forgive me for that. Now that you agree that it adds to the magic of appreciating what Terraform does, it created all of what you see here on this, on this diagram. Uh, and it did it three times over for dev test and prod. And we brought them all up and we destroyed them all. And we checked out three different conversations going on in parallel, and we saw all of the resources appearing and disappearing in the console. It works. And with that, that wraps up day four of week two of your journey to being an expert at product deployment. Uh, Terraform is ticked. You can add that to your resume. Uh, you are now Terraform person, and we'll be putting that to great use in the the remaining two weeks. We will not be futzing around with consoles any more. And with that, congratulations. You are now 45% of the way through, although I'd say it seems to have gone fast, but for this week has been quite grueling. So I imagine you're thinking, ah, it's not been going fast, but, uh, but but it's all it's all great from here. Now that we have Terraform, uh, in our toolkit and tomorrow we look at GitHub actions, which is so cool. It's going to allow us to do a git push and automatically something will kick off run everything including terraform, build a whole environment, deploy it the whole lot just for us on demand. Can you believe it? You'll see it tomorrow by.

@@@END_BATCH
