@@@LECTURE 44 :: Day 2 - Deploying AI Frontend Through CloudFront for Global Distribution
Okay. So for this next step, first go back here again to the gateway. And just copy this URL here. Copy that into your clipboard. This is the endpoint for the Twitter API gateway. All right you've done that. Then go back to the instructions. So we're going to update the front end code in components twin TSX. You remember I showed you this line of code that was the actual line that's actually calling the back end. We're going to change that. So instead of calling localhost 8000 it's going to it's going to actually call the real the real web service itself the API. So let's go in and do that right now. So this is in the front end code. It's in other components twin TSX. And now we're going to look in TSX for that fetch. It's right here near the top. And we're going to replace all of that with the actual endpoint itself. Uh I managed to add an extra empty line there, but that looks better to me. There we go. You see that? This URL right here is where we want to be posting slash chat. So that's looking good to me. Back to the instructions we've updated to TSX. Okay, we now need to change next config so that static exports are allowed so that we can generate a static dump of the whole website. So next config. Let's find that. Here it is. Change it with this new you can see it's got no config. It's empty. We're going to paste in and export config. There it is. Done. Okay back to the instructions. Next up it's time to build a static export. So we do that by bringing up a terminal by going to the front end. Uh, which is I think this one right here. Here it is. And now we're going to do, uh, the, uh. Sorry. We don't need to do that. We need to, um, do npm run build. And off it goes building, and it's going to build an optimized production build. It's going to create an out directory there. You see the out directory has been created and it has all of the files in it, the static files for our whole website. So if you open this up you can see in here there's a whole bunch of files that are HTML, JavaScript, CSS for our website that's been derived from the TypeScript from the Next.js app that we wrote in this more modern code. And this is all traditional that will work on on any browser. And there is an index.html and a 440. And that might jog your memory because we set that up when we were configuring our front end. Okay. So this has been completed and now it's time to upload this to S3. So, uh, what we what we do here, we're in the front end directory. This AWS command will work because in the previous week we did AWS configure that set up AWS for us. So we are now going to upload our front end to our static site. And you do that with this command AWS S3 sync out slash the output directory. And then we're going to have our front end bucket name. So we do S3 colon slash slash. And we now have to give it our bucket name. Now do you remember what the bucket name was. It was twin dash front end dash. And now you put in your entire, uh, ID and then you finish this off and then we will press enter. So we put in the ID and then a slash at the end. Dash dash delete means delete. If it's a it can be removed when not in the build. And then press enter. And it's done. It just uploaded the static site to our S3 bucket. Okay, it's time to test it. Uh, so first of all, uh, we, uh, we need to, uh, go to the S3 bucket and then properties and static website hosting. Let's go and give this a try. We go here to the S3 bucket. We find our front end bucket. There it is. Properties. We go down to static hosting which is near the bottom. And we're going to look for this URL right here. And let's launch it in a separate browser. This is going to work. Look at that. Look at that. It comes up. We've got ourselves a static site. Hi there. What happens now? Drumroll. Something's happening. Somewhere machinery is in action. A long pause and there we go. Hi, Ed. Great to see you. What's on your mind today? There we go. We have a front end and a back end, that's all working together. The front end is being accessed by a browser and the back end is coming through. And we should check that the, uh, that maybe we'll check the memory works later when all of the pieces are together. Because there's something missing here. We're connecting directly to an S3 bucket. And that wasn't the architecture. The idea is we want to put this under CloudFront distribution so that we're connecting through CloudFront. So we've tested that this works by accessing directly the web pages. What we now want to do is see if we can get it to run through CloudFront okay. So what we're going to do is first get the endpoint that we just got. Now the static website endpoint that we just tested. We will copy that. And we are then going to go and create a CloudFront distribution called Twin Distribution. So let's go ahead and get get this show on the road. So back over here we need to start by going to. This is where we're currently on the twin front end bucket. We need to copy this endpoint. Copied done. All right. Now we're going to go and look for CloudFront. Here is CloudFront the global content delivery network. And we are going to create a CloudFront distribution distribution name. We're calling it twin distribution. I think let me just check uh twin distribution. And then next okay twin distribution. And then next. Okay. Now this is something to watch out for because of the way we're doing this. It's a it's a special kind. It's an S3 static hosted site. We have to press other, not S3. Just one of those things to know. And then I believe we're going to fill in the the origin field is choose a paste your S3 endpoint without the HTTP like that in the origin domain name. So let's go and do this origin domain name. Custom origin like this, but without the HTTP like that, that's what it has to look like. And now there's something super important we have to make sure that it is HTTP only have to go in here to customize origin settings and choose HTTP only. Otherwise this won't work. So you need to do that and see if we need to do anything else here. Um, let me just see. So uh critical HTTP only. And then um origin name. Or you can leave that auto generated and then it looks fine. Okay. I think everything else should be default. Let's have a look. Let's go back over here and just just take an eye on this. All looks good. Next. Uh, yes. So this prompts you to enable web application firewall, which is something that could protect you against things like, uh, DDoS attacks. Now, this is basically an Amazon upsell. You don't need to do that. Not in our case. Unless your company wants to pay for these extra security protections. The very fact that it forces you to say no gives you a little clue. It's a bit like when you're buying a flight and the airline wants you to say, no, I do not need your extra insurance. Uh, so we do that, we check out all of this. Everything looks fine. Connection timeout of 10s is fine. We just need to, uh, hopefully that it's set to be HTTP only. And then we say create distribution. And now it is going and creating our CloudFront distribution. And over here it says deploying. And that is our sign that deployment is in process. And this are in progress. And this is something which actually takes like 5 to 10 minutes to deploy a CloudFront distribution. And that's because it's been pushed out all over the world. So we have to to accept the fact that it takes a few minutes, because it's not an easy thing for it to do at all. Uh, so yes, wait 5 to 15 minutes. It says here, but it's never taken more than ten minutes for me. But but you never know. And when it's done, it's going to change from deploy to enabled. And that is when we're in good shape.

@@@LECTURE 45 :: Day 2 - Testing Your Live AI Agent and Configuring CORS for Production
I was going to say, are you excited? But you're probably not excited. You're probably exhausted. So we're almost there. We're almost, almost at the bitter end. Uh, we have to update these cores settings. Here's the thing. We now have our final front end. We've built and deployed the thing we're about to test our real distribution, our CloudFront distribution that's happening while we speak. It's in the middle of deploying. The final thing we have to do is we have to tell our backend, this is where you should expect to receive requests from. And that's called the Cors origin. That's telling the backend what is an acceptable place. That could be the origin of this HTTP request. Um, and we've got this Cors origins, which is currently a star in our backend Lambda function. And that's not good. That means that anyone could come in and start using our API wherever they're from. So we need to restrict it. So what we do is we're going to go to the CloudFront, which is probably still busy doing its thing, or it may have finished for you. But this is then if it's, uh, for me, uh, let me see whether it's, uh, it's actually a diploid. It has, it has successfully deployed now for me. So this is the distribution right here. I'm going to copy that. And now I have to go back to my lambda function. Here it is I have to go to to twin API right here. Uh which, which uh where I had accidentally previously uploaded uh, the wrong zip package and more, more up to date zip package with later days. Uh, with the bedrock thing, which I've now put back to being the proper zip package for anyone that saw what happened there. Uh, but it's now got the right zip in it. Everything is good for us. I'm going to go to configuration. I'm not going to click on that because you'll see my API keys. You need to go in there. You need to click on environment variables and update that cause environment variable so that it contains that URL that it's allowed to access. So I'll let you go and do that now and then. Everything should be ready to test. So hopefully you added that cause variable and be sure to include the Https on the front of it. It needs to be the full URL for this to work or you'll get horrible cause errors. So look, this I feel is another of these moments of truth. And I know I say that expression a lot, but I feel like as they go, this is perhaps the trickiest of the moments of truth that we have had so far. An exciting moment for us. We start by going to the CloudFront, uh, page, uh, CloudFront service to look at our CloudFront distribution. There it is. We look at the URL right here. This is where our website is running on the internet. Open a new tab and I go in and we are now going to be talking to our digital twin on the internet. Hi there. And let's see what it has to say. Hello. Glad you stopped by. What's on your mind today? Um, my name's Alex. See if it can. Can. Remember that. Nice to meet you, Alex. What brings you to my site? What's my name? You just told me it's Alex. Got it locked in. What can I do for you, Alex? I love it. I think this digital twin could take over from me any day. Uh. All right, let's say, uh. Do you like cheese? See what it has to say. Ah, the cheese question. I can't stand most cheese. No allergy. Just don't like the taste. It's horrible. It's off milk. Uh, so the digital twin obviously does know all about me, which is great. Uh, it's working wonderfully. It's live. It's on the internet. It's on this URL. It's it's because it's CloudFront distribution. This is all over the world. It will go instantly. And whenever you ask a question that is calling a back end API that hits Amazon API gateway that then forwarded on to Lambda, it starts up our server if there isn't already a hot lambda waiting for us. And then that calls into our code and it all just works. And one more thing for us to see is to come in here and type S3. Let's go into S3 and let's find ourselves the memory bucket. Remember two S3 buckets. One of them has our front end site, our static site, one of them we're using for memory. We go in here and lo and behold, there's a JSON object in here waiting for us. Let's go and have a look at this JSON object. Okay, it's a JSON object. Let's press this open right here and check this out. Here is the question. Uh ah, the cheese question. Actually, I can't stand most cheeses, no allergies, blah blah blah. You can see the JSON form of the conversation that we just had sitting there on S3. This is working. Our architecture is live. Congratulations for pulling off your your first enterprise strength AWS Deployment. Well, I promised you a big day, and I think I delivered. A lot got done. We got a production app deployed to AWS through CloudFront distribution around the world. And congratulations on getting there. If you're feeling a bit frazzled, don't worry about it. That is normal. That is AWS frazzle. We got through a lot. It's gonna sink in. We're gonna we're gonna go through it again. You're going to get to a point where it becomes second nature, and in the meantime, go with it, get the intuition and and keep on going. We've got still lots to do. Uh, but on that topic, this is a moment to say you are now 35% of the way through building your expertise to be, uh, brilliant at deploying AI apps to production 35% of the way through. Massive. Congratulations. This is a big moment. This is definitely the hardest core so far. Uh, and tomorrow we're going to move to to looking at the AI side of it again, thank goodness. We're going to be talking about Amazon bedrock and using bedrock to call Llms. I can't wait and I'll see you then.

@@@LECTURE 46 :: Day 3 - Setting Up Amazon Bedrock for Production LLM Deployment on AWS
And welcome back. Welcome to production deployment of Gen AI and AI. Week two day three. And it's a purple day, which means one thing. It means it's AI time. This is about Amazon bedrock today. It's when we get back to talking about what it means to deploy AI applications, and we're going to get almost immediately to the lab. But first, just a quick recap of the deployment architecture that we did last, uh, last session yesterday. Uh, if this didn't cause your mind to to to spin like crazy, we started by deploying a Lambda function. Remember, we wrote a script called deploy.py that packaged up our back end code into a zip file. And then we went into Lambda. We created a lambda function. We uploaded the zip file. I uploaded the wrong one the first time, but we uploaded the right. You uploaded the right zip file. Well done. Uh, and you got that code. You set some environment variables, including the all important cause variable. They had to come back to you later. And that was the lambda function up there. We then set up an S3 bucket. An S3 bucket. We had to call it like twin memory and then your account ID, because these things had to be unique across across everyone. We set that up, and then we went back into the Lambda function and updated the course variable. Sorry, not the course. We then updated the S3 variable, the memory variable so that it would point to that S3 bucket. Uh, and then uh we configured an API gateway. Remember doing that. We set up a gateway. Uh, we get integrated it with that lambda function. And we set up the routes, including the slash chat route, which was the post route to be able so that that, uh, the front end would be able to call into that API. And then we, uh, created a static website. We did that by, by calling npm run build and creating a static website. In out. And we set up an S3 bucket. And then we ran a script to upload that out directory to upload it into our front end static site, and then we tested it then and there and made sure that it worked. And it did. And that was surprising and amazing. Uh, and then we set up a CloudFront distribution. This takes that static site and makes it available to the world in a CloudFront distribution. And then we tested it by by getting a front end. And we made sure that the front end could hit CloudFront the distribution and it would get served up the page. And then we made sure that we updated the Cors variable in lambda so that it knew to expect that that CloudFront distribution page, so that then when we made the API call, it all just worked. Uh, and uh, yeah, it felt like quite a palaver. And you compare that to what it was like building an application in Clark. Uh, and you can be forgiven. Sorry, not Clark in vercel. Uh, and you can be forgiven for saying, uh oh. Maybe. Maybe I should just stick with vercel. Uh, and, uh, I hear you. Vercel is amazing. And similar products like that pass products platform as a service. But there comes a point as you as you get through various stages of maturity with your app, that you're ready for the big AWS deployment. And that's what we've done successfully. This is industrial strength. And then there's a but wait, but wait, we want to add in AI. And that means that rather than just writing lambda code that calls OpenAI, we want to take advantage of AWS bedrock. And that is what we're going to do today. And with that intro, it's time for our lab. So here we are in cursor again. And we're in the twin project that you created just a couple of days ago. Here it is. Uh, and it has a week two folder. And that week two folder we copied across from the production repo. And it has days of the week. And we will start with day three right here. And the introduction will tell you that today is all about bedrock. Uh, bedrock, um, mostly is like a wrapper around calling LMS that Amazon will take care of for you and handle the the credentials and the like. There's a lot more that's being added on to bedrock, including its agent platform. So bedrock is a bit of a catchall for a whole suite of AI product within Amazon. There's there's two there's there's bedrock and there's SageMaker, which we'll look at next week. Um, but uh, yeah, for now we're going to be using the LM parts of bedrock, and we're going to be using Amazon's Nova models. So their own models through bedrock you can access a huge range of models as we'll see. But we might as well stick all Amazon. So we will go with Amazon's Nova and give Nova a whirl. There are three sizes micro Lite and Pro, and even Pro is pretty cheap. Pro at the moment is slightly cheaper than the Claude Haiku bottle, the cheap version of Anthropic's models, and that is the most expensive of Amazon's. And the Nova micro is really, really cheap, uh, as I will show you. So we'll be looking at all of those. But before we do any of that, Of course it is. IAM permissions time are Yourn always have to begin with permissions. So we're going to sign in as the root user as we always do. Uh and we're going to find our user group twin Access and add two permissions Amazon Bedrock Full Access and CloudWatch Full Access access to logs. I teased the fact that we're going to look at that I think a couple of days ago, and we didn't, but we will today. We'll look at the logs and we'll attach those policies. Let's go and do that right now. Here we are. This is AWS console. I'm signed in as my root user up there you can see. And we'll go straight to IAM by clicking in. Recently visited IAM and over to user groups and to Twin Access. And we click on the permissions tab. This is where we can set more permissions for this one. And I've actually already got CloudWatch full access on here. I think before I incorrectly thought that it was a CloudFront one two. But no, this is this is CloudWatch. So I'm going to add permissions attach policies. So now do um if I type bedrock in here Amazon Bedrock full Access I tick that one and you will want to type uh CloudWatch uh to get uh Amazon CloudWatch. Um let's see what which one did we want to have here Amazon CloudWatch. Full access full. It's just CloudWatch full access. And tick that to and then click Attach Policies and back. We come here we should see CloudWatch Full Access I now have CloudWatch Full access and CloudWatch full access to uh along with the Amazon Bedrock Full Access. We have permissions for all of these, which is what we're after. So we now have to request to be given permission to access the specific models in bedrock that we want to be able to use. And to do so we need to go in as our IAM user. So let's do that now. Uh, back to the console. Uh, I'm look at that. Isn't that great? Uh, back to the console. AWS Amazon.com, here we are. And sign into console. And I'm already logged in. You might have to log in, but double check. Look up there. Does it say engineer? It does. Okay. Now type bedrock up here Amazon bedrock. Welcome to our first big AI side of Amazon. Uh lots of stuff to do. Look at all these AI menus. Uh, the specific thing that we want to do is model access down here, click there. Um, and this shows you all the different models that you could access through bedrock. Lots of stuff. Plenty of open source models, uh, and Claude and, and, uh, the that here are the nova ones that we want to access. And there's a bunch of others and you can read all about them by by by clicking on their links. The, um, you may notice so one of the models that is offered through AWS is the famous OS model from open AI, the open source OpenAI model. You can't reach the the OpenAI frontier model through AWS. Uh, they have their Microsoft has its partnership with OpenAI. AWS is partnership is with anthropic. So that's that's the models you get here. But you can use the open source models, but they're not available on on US East one. They're available on US West two. Uh, they're only available on on that right now. Maybe by now they'll be everywhere. And we will use that later. But it's a bit more work to be able to span across these different regions. So we're going to stick now with the Nova models, which I believe are available in all regions. So, um, I have already been given access granted because I already requested it. You may not have done, uh, in which case the first thing you need to do is request access, which you do by pressing this Modify Model access button right here. And when you get these Nova models, you should be able to check those three boxes, which I can't because I've already been given access. And then you scroll all the way down to the bottom and you press next. And then it's presumably going to say, yeah, nothing is made. And you can then submit requests to access those models. And because they are Amazon's models, that request is normally granted instantaneously. For me it was when the page refreshed I had access. I don't know, it might take more time for you. You might need to go and get a coffee. Uh, but I think when you're requesting Claude's models, it takes a bit. But not with. Not with this. If you were interested in trying out some of the, uh, anthropic models to, then you could request access for them, because that will take a bit longer. Um, again, just the order of minutes, but we won't use them this week. Okay. And so once you've done that, uh, you've clicked submit, uh, and you've refreshed the page. Uh, maybe wait a minute or two if you need to. You should see access granted against those three Nova models. And congrats.

@@@LECTURE 47 :: Day 3 - Migrating from OpenAI to AWS Bedrock for Cost-Effective LLM Deployment
Okay. And next I just want to mention model pricing costs are always important. The Nova models are very cheap. Uh, and there isn't like an upfront payment or anything that people complain about with open AI. But, uh, by contrast, there is this idea that it just gets billed to your Amazon account. And so I got to tell you, I would prefer myself at like a pay as you go model, but that's not the way it works with the big cloud platforms. So, uh, for the latest pricing, there is this link here that will take you to the Amazon bedrock pricing. And you can look through here to see the different details. You scroll down. They've got these different links for each of the different types of models. Click on Amazon and we get to see the Amazon prices. Now this price is per 1000 input tokens. And some other sites you get per million input tokens. So it's worth keeping that in mind, which is one reason why they look so very small. But it is per 1000 not per million. So this is the input token cost. This is the output token cost. But nonetheless, if you look at these you'll see that they really are very small. If you think that maybe a thousand input tokens, which is about 750 words, think that that could be one conversation, uh, including the input and the output, perhaps then you can see that if you're using Micro One, conversation is not it's not on the radar, you know, like it's not even not even touching it. And in fact, even Amazon Pro like Nova Pro, you're still one conversation adding up that number and the output tokens, which wouldn't be that much anyway. It would be less than that. But you're still under you're like, uh, 3/10 of a cent. Uh, so you'd need to have three pretty hearty conversations to be able to spend a cent if you were using Nova Pro. And I'm going to suggest we default to using Micro and Lite, but I'm probably going to use Pro myself because why not? This is this is honestly so cheap compared to, uh, almost, almost anything else. So it's, uh, it's very good value. But always keep an eye on the prices in case they change. And in theory they could be different in different regions. So make sure you select the right region. That is about model pricing through bedrock. So keep an eye on those tables. And now it's time for us to use bedrock in our code. And that is going to be an exciting step for us okay. Time to change our code to work with bedrock. So, uh, first up we are going to make a change to requirements.txt. Uh, so we're changing our requirements.txt, but actually we don't have any new packages to add as part of this. So why are we changing requirements.txt? Well, it's because we have a package to remove. We are going to remove OpenAI. There we go. It's gone. Save. We're no longer going to be using the OpenAI Python client library. So we should take it out. Good coding practice to not include packages that we don't need Okay, back to day three. So now we have to update backend server.py to use bedrock. So plenty of code here. And nice and chunky server.py uh module. Let me copy all of this code across. I'm sure you're grateful I'm not typing this. That would take a long time, but I will explain it. Of course. Save. Okay, so what's changed a lot is the same. The the, uh, start with the core stuff is exactly the same. Here is something new. We're creating a bedrock client using the Boto3 Amazon library. Boto3 client. We used that before to get the S3 client. Here we are. We pass in the bedrock runtime, and we use the default AWS region that should be set in. Your EMV bedrock model is where we choose which model to use. And now, especially since we're in, uh, non-production environments at the moment, you can choose to change the bedrock model ID to something like micro with a super, super cheap one if you wish, and we will be setting this. You could set this in your EMV or you can change the default right there. Um, but this this is the, uh, the, the model that we will use. And then everything else here is the same. The same loading the conversation either locally or from S3. And now we have this call bedrock function, which calls bedrock with a conversation history. And you can see there's a little bit of janky stuff here. There's a way you have to do it to call bedrock, uh, for a user message. We're used to having OpenAI format role user content and then the user message. But in fact, this is the way that you send in system messages is like this role user content and then text system colon and then the prompt and role, uh, and then then either user or assistant content and then the message content. So that's this is the format to use. This is how we translate from the structure we're used to into the format that bedrock expects. And what comes back is not a pedantic object, it's just a JSON dictionary. So we take just a Python dictionary. So we take output message content, the first element text. And that gives us the text. So this is just something to to. You could copy and paste this anytime that you need to use bedrock or just use this whole function as is called bedrock as it is as your way to call bedrock. And then there's some exception handling there. Okay. And uh, this is these are all the same. This is the new health, uh, root I've added in here. Bedrock model with the bedrock model ID that's being used. And, and the people that are on the ball, uh, will remember this because this is what appeared in my health, uh, check before, which, uh, yeah, I sort of like I palm that off as, oh, that's something for the future. It didn't occur to me at that time. And the reason I saw that in Lambda before is because I uploaded the wrong zip file. I'd uploaded the zip file after making this change, which I of course fixed soon afterwards when I realized it. But if you caught that, then then well done. Uh, so, uh, rare mistake by me. Uh, the, um, I make 100 mistakes. I just rerecord the chat. The chat thing here, uh, is what we're used to. This is the big post chat. Uh, and this is where we do basically exactly the same. But there's this call bedrock in here using our core bedrock function to make the call to bedrock. And that's honestly, that is it. Those are the end of the changes. We are now ready to use bedrock. Okay. And it's time for us to now make the changes to Lambda to be ready for this. And the first thing is we might as well use the bedrock model ID uh, environment variable to choose which model we're going to use. So first of all pick one of these models. uh, pick either Micro Lite or Pro as the one that you would like to use for our testing purposes. You could start with micro. I'm going to use light for testing purposes, so then copy that model name. This is the official bedrock model ID that you can get from the bedrock screen. Um okay. And now we're looking to set an environment variable called bedrock model ID. Uh, and uh so we go back to our Lambda function functions, twin API. I'll just go back into Lambda. And then within Lambda we go to functions and then go to twin API. Here we have it. You go to configuration and then environment variables. And you might think oh no but I'm going to reveal my OpenAI API key. But no, I went in and I deleted that first because I was on to you. Uh, so you could do the same. You can delete your OpenAI API key because we don't need it anymore. Um, and instead we are now going to edit these and we're going to add an environment variable. It's called Bedrock model ID. And here we will paste in this value we'll use Nova Light. We'll save that. And that save has been made. That is now an environment variable associated with our lambda. Um and check that you're happy with all of the others are right for your environment. And now we are going to, uh, make sure remember this, this nonsense. We we need to make sure that our lambda function is allowed to call bedrock, because these lambda functions have permissions of their own. So we're going to have to go to our lambda function configuration permissions. Uh, do this business where we open the execution role name which is the the role that it executes under and then add permissions, attach policies and give it access to bedrock. So if you followed all that we're going to go here to configuration.

@@@END_BATCH
