@@@LECTURE 40 :: Day 2 - Migrating AI Chat Apps from Local Storage to AWS S3 and Lambda
Now it's time to update our backend server, starting by updating the requirements.txt with the packages we need. Just a few additions here. Select this, go to requirements.txt, select everything and paste in the new one. We've got a couple of AWS packages and we've got py pdf so that we can in parse PDF files. All right back to the preview. We have a new version of Server.py our backend code. Let's just copy and paste it in and then I'll tell you what's changed here. It all is lots of stuff there. Copy that. Go over to server.py, select everything, paste on top and save. What are we doing here? This code is all the same. We're still using the OpenAI client and you should use your one if you're using something different. Uh, and then we've got a few new environment variables. Use S3 uh, which is true or false S3 bucket, which is going to be the name of an S3 bucket to use for the memory, uh, or memory directories if we're running locally. Uh, and then uh, so Boto3 is the Python library that AWS provides for accessing AWS APIs. And we're using that to get our, uh, S3 client library, uh, which we will be using to access S3. And load conversation has been updated so that if you use S3 is true, then it gets an object from S3. You provide in a bucket name and a key, which is going to be our, our, uh, session ID as before. And that will allow us to bring back that object with that key in this bucket. That is how it works. So, um, we've also got a save conversation which, which, uh, basically calls S3 client Putobject before we called S3 client dot get object. objects. Now we put an object, we pass in the bucket name and we pass in the key, which is the as as before the the session ID um, but that's that session ID is we're putting it into get memory path which is basically session ID, JSON, which is the key, the name of this file. Okay. Uh, otherwise things are pretty similar. Uh, if you look through, nothing much has changed. The only real difference here. Should we make this back to GPT 4.1 mini? Uh, the only difference here is this way of getting the conversation history, using the get object and put object from an S3 bucket instead of us. Uh, just looking in the local file system, if the environment variable use S3 is set to true, that's the change that we've made. So again in the last step we updated our server code so that it would use Boto3 AWS Python client library to access S3 buckets so that it could retrieve our conversation history from S3 buckets. The next step is about changing our server function so it can be used as a lambda function. And there's this library we need to use called Mangum, which is a library which uh, which which wraps a fast API server and allows that to be used in the lambda context, which is slightly different. So this is it's just an open source library. I think it's named after, uh, the the movie The Lawnmower Man. It's, uh, apparently what the library author named it after because it's about translating. Uh, but, uh, so this is, this is what we do. Uh, within back end, we have a Python module called Lambda handler dot pi. And this is what we will set up to be the actual function called by lambda. So uh, let's do that now. So this is going to be called lambda underscore handler. Uh within here new file. Handler dot pi. And if you're not familiar with the word lambda it's spelled with a B in the middle of it, which catches people out sometimes. I sometimes do lambda, but it's lambda. Uh, the Greek letter. The letter looks like that. Um, so, uh, lambda handler. Uh, so we we import this this, uh, Mangum object and we use that. We, we, we import our fast API app and we wrap it like so, and we assign that to a variable called handler and later keep, keep hold of that thought because later we're going to be telling Lambda we want you to take this handler. That's the object in this module, which is going to be the thing responsible for servicing the lambda function request. So keep keep keep an eye out for handler and lambda handler. And now back to our instructions. So we're just going to to update the dependencies and just make sure everything is working locally. Uh before we go ahead and deploy. Let's do that now. Okay. So I'm just going to bring up a terminal. I'm in the backend directory Tree here and I'm going to do a uv add minus r requirements.txt to install those extra packages, although it won't actually use the AWS one, but it should use the pypdf2. And now we will do. We will run the command to start our server. You can just take this from the guide. Off goes our server. Our server is now running. It seems to be successful. Let's go over to our client CD frontend and npm run dev. Let's see what happens. Now we will bring this up. Here it comes AI in production. That's great. Uh, so far so good. Let's say hi there. Hi, Ed. Here. What's on your mind today? Uh, my name's Alex. Sorry, my name's Alex. Nice to meet you. And what's my name? You just mentioned Alex. Nice and straightforward, I like that. Ha! Well, my name is Ed. It's even more straightforward, but I feel like I can't tell my digital twin I'm me, or I get super confused. Uh. All right. So far, so good. So that's working. And of course, because I use S3 is set to false by by. It's not set at all in the environment variable. So it will assume it's not using S3. And as a result it's just following the same code path as before. We haven't broken anything. Nothing's regressed. But we are now all ready for AWS. So again I'm going to stop this server. I'm going to stop the backend. I'm going to close the terminal, go back to our our preview. And we are now launching into part two, set up the AWS environment. So the first thing is to uh it says create env. We already have a env. But we're going to add in a few more things to it. We're going to add in. We've already actually got open AI API key, but we're going to add in project name is twin. And we're going to add AWS account ID and then default AWS region. So you remember this from last time. This needs to match the region that you get on the top right. When you log in that you can you can always change. So that region needs to be the region which is closest to you, the main region that makes most sense for where you are. Uh, the usually that's I think EU West one if you're in most of Europe, unless you're closer to another big one. It's uh, the Mumbai one in Asia Pacific in India is a very common one, and US West one and West two. And of course, for me, it's US East one. Uh, even though I'm in London at the moment, but still US East one is the one that I will pick. And, uh, I'm gonna set that up right now. My EMV file, as should you. And I will see you back here in one second. Don't overwrite the existing things in your env. Just just add the new ones in. See you in a second. And hopefully you've followed all the rules. You save the env file. You didn't let that white blob stay there. You were careful with the names of your keys. You spelt your AWS region correctly with the right hyphens and everything else. Otherwise there'll be trouble. Uh. So now we will do what we always start these things by doing, which is beginning with setting up the IAM permissions. Most Amazon projects start with IAM. So we're going to begin by logging in as root, which requires us to go to the AWS console as before and sign in as our root user. So press the uh let me resize that screen and press the sign into console button. And I've already signed in as the root user. And the way I know is it has my name there. It doesn't say AI engineer, it says editor. And that is why we're in the right place for setting up permissions. So begin by going to IAM and open up your IAM resources. And then go to User Groups. And I want you to press, create Group and create a new group that you're going to call Twin Access I've already set up. So it's here when you press that you hopefully you remember that there's two parts to it. You first assign it to a user, and you should check the box by AI engineer so that this user group applies to AI engineer. And then in the next box down, you get to set the permissions. And you should set a bunch of permissions. And I've got the permissions listed down here. And you will have to add these permissions in. And they are listed in the guide. And you remember you type in the search box each one. And then you check the box. And it's a bit janky because you feel like you should press an okay button. But no, you just type out something else to search for and check that box, and you do it for each of them. You'll see in the list API Gateway Administrator. So we can use the API gateway, S3 Full Access Lambda full access. Actually there are two CloudFront ones, and I don't think it matters, but I put them both in CloudFront and CloudFront access to. I think the instructions only send the first one. I don't think it matters, but you might as well put both in and then I'll read only access as well. You need that one too. So all of these permissions again, you'll see that I've gone with the full access for these. The real best practice with Amazon is to limit this to the precise permissions that you need for your IAM user, but that's probably like a super advanced. Like if you're if you're actually setting up a real corporate project and it's a headache. And since we're doing this as part of learning, I don't want to get bogged down in that as long as you get the idea, we're at least restricting what our IAM user can do to these things. And then when you create that user group, it will automatically be connected with the AI engineer user. And you can come back in by going to user groups and click on Twin Access and double check that it comes up just like mine here with the user. And with all of the permissions listed out just as they are here. And then congratulations, you've given your IAM user AI engineer the powers that it needs.

@@@LECTURE 41 :: Day 2 - Deploying Your First Production LLM API on AWS Lambda
So what we want to do now is take our server code and upload that to AWS Lambda so that it can run our server code as a Lambda function. Now, the thing is that our server code isn't ideally placed to be to be uploaded to Lambda. We really want it to be, uh, basically a zip file that we could, we can upload with everything packaged together nicely. And so there are a number of commands that we can run, uh, to, to build that zip file. And it's pretty common to package those kinds of commands into a script. And I've done that. And this is a pretty common practice. It's called deploy py. And we're going to put that script in the back end. Now I've made this script to be something that will work on all systems, which means it's a little bit more long winded than perhaps you might need for your system, because you could put something that's specifically for a PC or something. But this, this is something that will work across the board. Um, and so what I do within back end is I do new file and I'm going to create this thing called deploy py. It's a Python script. Paste that in. Here it is. So just to quickly explain what it does, the first thing it does is within the backend folder it creates a new subdirectory called lambda package. Should we should expect to see that appearing. Um and then into that it does a few things. First of all, and this is perhaps, uh, more, um, more careful, more, more robust than is always needed. But I create a Docker container in order to build all the right packages. And this makes absolutely sure that it's right for the AWS platform. And this is actually particularly needed for people who have Macs that are running Apple Silicon. You need to do it this way. For others, there are simpler ways of doing it, but this works on everything. So we run a Docker Docker run. It means that you need to have Docker desktop running. Uh, and it's going to package up, uh, using a Docker container designed for AWS. Um, and we pip install all the, all of the packages that we need. We then copy in files server, lambda handler, handle a context and resources in. We copy in the whole data directory and we zip it up into a zip file, which is called lambda deployment. So we'll expect to see that being created. We should see a whole folder being created and then lambda deployment zip being created. And that is what this script does. And as I say you could just run it line by line at the command line. But it's much nicer to package it up into a script. Let's go and run it. So to run it, I bring up a terminal. I go into back end. If I'm not there already, I keep an eye on this folder because I want you to see the things being created. And I'm going to go UV deploy dot pi. That should be it. And it's telling me that it's creating a folder. And there you can see it's created a folder called Lambda Package. It's currently running the pip installs and I'm doing that in a Docker container. You could just do it directly. If you have an architecture that's that's consistent with AWS, but doing it in Docker means that it will definitely work. It's created a zip lambda deployment. ZIP. And that all completed fine. So that's a nice deployment script. It's packaged everything up, it's made a zip, and we're now ready for Lambda. Okay, it's time to create our first Lambda function. And we do that by going into AWS as our IAM user this time and creating a function called twin API. So let's go and do that. We bring up a browser and here we are at the AWS Amazon.com. On the console I go to sign in to the console, uh, use my account ID, my AI engineer, IAM user and sign in and a double check that everything is good because up at the top right it should say AI engineer. It does. And now over here search for lambda and bring up lambda. And now for the first time you are looking at lambda. Now you might not see this. You're going to see a Welcome to Lambda screen because you've never seen it before. I think it's on the top right is where you can create a function for the first time. Otherwise, if you have ever created before, it's just here to create a Lambda function and we're choosing author from scratch. We're making a lambda function from the basics, and we're going to call it twin hyphen API. Call it twin API. The runtime for this we're going to have a Python 3.12. Python 312 will be our runtime. Select that there, leave the architecture as x86. And this is all we need to do. Everything else is the defaults. Press create function and you will be the owner of your first lambda function. Not doing very much, but it exists. Any second now I will, uh, there we go. All right. And this gives you some information about how to get started successfully created. Let's actually make it do something. So what you do next depends on whether you have a fast internet connection or not I do I'm going to go with option A. If not there's option B which takes you through a slightly slower route to do it in a more robust way. But try option A first and see if it works. It does on on most systems. Uh, so we're going to to go to the lambda function for the one we just created. We're going to look under the code source and upload our zip file. Uh so let's go and do that right now. So go back to my browser. Where are you? There it is. Uh, so, um, here here is the new Twitter API that we just created. We go here. We've already got code sources already selected. And on the right here is this upload from drop down. We click here and we're going to say a zip file. Uh if you had the slower connection you'll have upload it to S3 and you'll be going there. But we're going here. We're going to we're going to be be uh, be brave. Um, and uh, we're going to, uh, press the upload button and we come here and let's see where abouts we are. Are we in the right? We are indeed in twin. We're going to back end again and we pick lambda deployment and we press open and it tells us it's going to overwrite the existing code. And we're going to press save and it's going to load it in. And the first thing that we might see might, might be an error. But it shouldn't worry us. We will let it upload that up. And I guess it's going to certainly take a little bit of time because it's got 20MB to upload. Uh, as long as it does it before it times out, we won't need to do option B, we have. It's done updating the function twin API. Here it comes. This is the error that I told you we would see. And we're good with that. We expect it as you will see. Um, and um everything is looking great okay. So now we have to configure this lambda function so that it knows what it's meant to do. We have to look at the runtime settings and press edit. And we need to change the handler to this so that it knows where to find the code to run. You remember I told you to to make a mental note of lambda handler. The module and handler was the name of the variable in that module. So lambda handler handler is telling it, uh, where it goes to actually run this function. So we need to go to runtime settings and edit back to the browser. Here we go. Runtime settings. You have to scroll down to find runtime settings. It can catch you out. It's just here runtime settings edit. And now we come here. And the default is lambda function lambda handler. So we're going to replace that with this and press save. And when we do that and come back here the error has gone away. Hopefully there we go. And it's showing us a little preview of our code. This is like a little miniature VS code running in here which is kind of cool. Look at this. We could look at like uh, context and uh, resources. This is all the code that, uh, that even should have our data directory. It's called our Python packages. And, uh, well, you can satisfy yourself, but I'm pretty sure we'll find that our data directory will be there. It is data directory with facts and style and so on. So we zipped up everything on our box. We uploaded that zip to Amazon. We unzipped it. It automatically unzipped it into this lambda. So this is our code uploaded right here. And we've told it what it needs to call to be able to actually use this lambda. That's that's big progress. Who said this stuff was hard. It's easy. So the next thing we have to do is set some environment variables on our lambda function because it doesn't know things like our OpenAI API key that we just got set locally on our box. So there are in fact four variables we need to do OpenAI API key cause origins, which we need to set to a star, and we'll come back later and set that. Use S3 should be true and S3 bucket should be twin memory. And actually it's going to need to be something a bit longer than that. But we're going to come back and change it later. So let's do this step by step. So back we go back to, uh, to to this screen to the, uh, to the Lambda function in AWS. And the next thing we need to do is go to configuration and go to on the left hand side here to environment variables. And this is where you add environment variables. And you do it by pressing edit right here. And you press Add environment variable. And you do a key and a value. So like I'm going to say uh open AI API key. And here I'm going to put my API key which I'll take from my S3 file. And I'm going to go and do this now. And I'm going to have to trust you that you are going to put in your four environment variables and you're going to be super careful. Make sure that they're spelt right. Make sure you copy and paste faithfully, and you have the four ones we need to have. It's cause not cross. Uh, make sure you get everything right and I will see you in a second with perfect, pristine environment variables.

@@@LECTURE 42 :: Day 2 - Configuring AWS Lambda and S3 for Production LLM Memory Storage
Okay, so you promised me you set those four environment variables open API key cause origins to star use S3 underscore capital true lowercase t, or like that S3 bucket twin dash memory. And we are going to come back and change that later, uh, as you will see. All right. Next step is to increase the timeout. So configuration general configuration edit and set the timeout to 30s. Now I can't do this while you watch because I do believe that going there is going to show my environment variables. You'd see my OpenAI API key which is a top secret. So I'll have to trust you to do that yourself. Uh, but what we will do together is the next section in just a second. So be ready to go. We are going to, uh, create a new test event from the test tab, and we are going to run this JSON. So I'm going to copy this in. And then I'm going to go and set my timeout as it's instructed. And see you in a second. Oh no I'm totally wrong. You can go to configuration and doesn't show my secrets yet. I'd have to click on environment variables for that. So configuration general configuration. You can see the default is a three second timeout which is mean and which is not enough for an LLM to respond. So this would cause it to fail. So you need to know to come in and change that timeout to be 30s. If you forget to do that, then it will fail with obscure errors and it will be so hard to know what's going wrong. All right. And now we go over to test. We're going to to create a new event. And the event name will be like I don't know, like health check. I've already created a couple of these. So I'm going to make it like health Check three. But you can just call it health Check. And we're going to to paste in some JSON, which is it tells AWS how to to do this test what we need it to do. But basically the bottom line is we're going to call health, which is one of the routes that our fast API server runs. Uh, and so we've done that. And I'm going to to save this so that we've saved it. That test event was successfully saved. And now I'm going to press test. So what's this going to do. It's going to take this this JSON. And it's going to to apply that to AWS. And what that will do is it will launch our Lambda function. It will start a fast API server. It will hit this route slash health, it will get back the response and then and then shut down that lambda function. All of that's going to happen when I press the test button. Executing function started zero seconds ago succeeded details and it said status healthy. Uh, that's and it also tells us what, uh, what model it's using. But that's, that's from uh, coming in the in the future you can ignore that until later when we get on to that. Um, but uh, the, um, the point is, this works. It might seem like an awful lot of effort just to make something say it's healthy. Uh, it has been a little bit of effort, but, uh, but things are looking good. We're in fine shape. If you haven't got a healthy signal, then I'm sorry. Uh, ask an alum. Stop asking. Cursor. Do some digging. in, debugging, tracking these things down. That is where the hardest learning happens, where the real learning happens. As you go through the pain of solving these problems, you'll get better and better. So, uh, yes, stay patient. That's the most important thing. All right, on with the instructions. We're now moving on to our next Amazon service. And it's going to be our S3 buckets. Now there's something tiresome about S3 buckets, which I guess is probably an advantage in the grand scheme of things. It's that bucket names the name that you give to each of your buckets. They are they are global. They are something which, uh, at least, uh, yeah. Which, uh, anyone can access that bucket. It's not like it's, it's namespaced to your account ID or something like that. So you can't we can't just call these buckets like twin memory, because otherwise, when I've made twin memory, you wouldn't be able to. It would tell you that bucket already exists. So you have to make these things and add on some random ending to it, which is going to be different so that everyone has a different one. Otherwise it's going to error. And once we've done that, we're gonna have to go back and update the environment variable to tell our lambda function where our memory is. What a what a palaver. Uh, now, a typical common trick is to use as the random suffix your account ID, because chances are no one else is going to have called something twin memory and then your AWS account ID. But if you do that, and it turns out somebody has for some reason, uh, then you'll have to come up with some other random suffix. So, uh, but but start with your account ID so we're going to go to S3, we're going to create a bucket and we're going to call it twin dash dash and then some suffix. We're going to make absolutely sure that it's in the same region as our lambda function as everything else. So here we go. We're back in the console. You can always see your region up here by going here to check that we're in US East one for me. And now I'm going to look at S3. I type S3 here scalable storage in the cloud. And here it is I've got a bunch of of of buckets. Oh, I meant to delete that one. Let's leave that one there for now. And, uh, going to create a new bucket. Here we go. Create bucket. General purpose bucket is what we want. Bucket name. So this is where we need to call it twin dash API. Sorry. Twin dash dash. And then give it the name of your account ID which you can quickly access by clicking here. Pressing copy there isn't that convenient. And paste it in there. We're probably not the first people to want the account ID in our bucket name. Uh, and then everything else should be fine. Everything is good. And then create bucket. That's all there is to it. We are now the proud owners of twin Dash. And then our account ID. Very good. Back we go. Next we're going to go to the environment variables and update that S3 bucket environment variable. It used to be called just Twin Memory, and you now need to call it the final name you just came up with. Twin memory. Account ID or whatever. So I'm going to do that because that would definitely show my environment variables and see you back here in a second. Now this next step is the kind of thing that infuriates people about AWS and how pernickety it is about the, the, the IAM about access. We have to make sure that our lambda function, our lambda function has permission to use S3. Now, that might sound completely screwy to you. It might be like what permissions are for humans, but no lambda functions themselves are in there with a role and they have to have permission to access S3. So we're going to have to go to our Lambda function and configure it so that when it's executing, that's a special role it has when it's running that needs to have permission to access Amazon S3 full access. So let's do that. We go back to our uh we're looking in Lambda right now I've gone to Lambda and we're looking at twin API configuration permissions over here. And now you have to know to click on this execution role. That is the thing that is the role of what it will have when it is executing. I realize this sounds crazy complicated. Don't worry that we're being told we can't see some things. What we can see is what matters. That we can add permissions over here on the right. Add permissions. Attach policies. This stuff is some voodoo. This is. This is what I mean by biology. There's so much to learn and remember. But now we have to do this. Amazon S3 full access. We tick here add permission policy was successfully attached to the role. You can see it there. And by the magic of AWS we have just given our Lambda function the permission when it's running when it's executing to use S3. Uh, but uh, it's complicated. So that's the next step. Complete.

@@@LECTURE 43 :: Day 2 - Setting Up S3 Buckets and API Gateway for Production AI Apps
All right. We're about halfway through. I'm sure you must be like what? What's going on? Uh, keep on at it. And if this is too much, come back and do it a second time. We're now going to create another S3 bucket. Remember, there are two S3 buckets. One is a memory, the other is for the whole static front end site. We're going to do that next. We're going to create a new front end bucket. Uh it's going to be called twin front end. And then the random ID it's going to be in the same region. It needs to be in the same region. And we need to uncheck this block, all public access box. And you will see that in just a second. Let's go do this. So we're going to go back to S3. S3. This time you probably will see the same screen as me. Press Create bucket general purpose. We're going to call it twin dash front end dash. And now again we'll copy this in here. Copy. Come here and paste. There we go. Our account ID in there. Now we have to scroll down here and we have to uncheck block all public access because we want the world to see this. And we have to check this. I acknowledge, uh, that this will result in the bucket becoming public. Uh, we're happy with that. It's going to be our website. We want it to be public and everything else is good. And we say create bucket. Okay, there we go. Successfully created that bucket back. We go to our instructions now we now want to go to this bucket. Go to properties and edit the static web hosting um and enable static web hosting. And this is important. We're going to give it an index.html and 404 HTML as the index document in the errordocument. So let's go and do all of this. So come in here we edit our front end bucket. Here it is. We go to properties and we want to have this be a, um. I think it's all the way down here somewhere. Static website hosting. We edit this, we're going to say enable static website hosting. And we're going to say the index document is index dot HTML. The error document is 404 dot HTML. And this is all looking good. And we say save changes. Successfully edited static website hosting. Back we go. We did all this right I hope. Yes we did. And now we need to do more permission stuff. And this one is even more hokey than the last one. We're going to go to the permissions tab. And then under the bucket policy we have to click edit and add. In this policy there are sometimes you have to add in a policy that isn't one of the default settings. So this is allowing anyone in the public to access this bucket because we want this to be a public website. So we. We have to do this. And this feels super hokey, but it's what you do. This is just. The biology. It's one of the things you learn. Uh, the bucket policy, uh, is what we will now update to be this. Okay. So now we're going to do this permissions thing. We're going to go to permissions bucket policy. So here we are looking at our front end S3 buckets. We go to permissions. We're going to go to bucket policy right here. It's in this janky uh edit here. We've got this white box here we paste this in. And this time don't press save. We first have to change this bucket name to be the bucket name that we're trying to, uh, to make available. And conveniently enough, the bucket name is is right here. It needs it needs this this, uh, this on this account resource, uh, Amazon resource number. Uh, we can copy it right there and paste it in here. We need that slash star. And, uh, now with with this, we should be able to save changes. And it's worked. Uh, and remember to do this, you have to get this just right. It's it's so very hokey. It's so easy to get this wrong. Never fear, when we do this with Terraform, it's going to take care of all of this for us in code. And that's that's how people really do it, uh, in earnest. But this is something that we're doing the manual way for now, which is how we used to do before, before Terraform came along. So that has set up the right permission for us. Uh, I do believe. And we click save changes. So we're in good shape. We're moving on. We've done our S3 work. We're going on to the API gateway next okay. Next step is to create the API gateway. Remember, the API gateway is a piece that sits on top of our Lambda function and manages it. Being exposed to the outside world, you can actually expose Lambda functions directly, but this way is the more robust enterprise strength way of doing it. So we start by going back to the console. We will search for API gateway. There it is. When it first comes up for you, you might see something that's a bigger welcome screen because you don't have any. But there should be the create API in there. We're going to create an http API. This first option you need to definitely select that first option. We're going to call it twin API gateway. And then we don't press next. Press Add Integrations. You can actually go through and then do this later. But it's easiest to do it this way for the type of integration. It is a Lambda type of integration. It's in US East one. It's going to ask for the Lambda function and it prompts me and you should hopefully only see twin API, the real one that you've got, and that is your integration. It's saying this API is going to be integrated with that Lambda function. You press next. And now we're in this slightly hokey thing of setting up the routes, which is saying what what routes, what kinds of web requests when coming in. How should they get directed to the lambda function? Because you could have multiple lambda functions and choose to have an API gateway that sends different routes to different lambda functions. We don't have that situation, so we just have to quickly configure this to handle everything we need. So we're going to to first create a route. The method is any and this is the resource path. This is like a default route that we want to put in any. And then that path and integration to twin API. So let's do that first. So any that path and that integration target that's the first one. Great. So far so good. Next up we're going to go get just to the root. If someone tries to to hit the route with a Get request that should just be passed on directly like so that should go straight to our twin API. Add a route. Come back here. We're going to do another get to slash health. Sorry, I double clicked. Uh, we're going to do a get to slash health. That should go straight to twin API. I get to slash health and that should go to twin API. They're all going to go to twin API. Add another route. Back we go. Post to slash chat. This is the important one. Post to slash chat to slash that goes to twin API. That's the one that we really care the most about. Add one more route. And now this one is a fussy one. But we have to add one. That's called Method Options. And the path is again to wherever and then twin API. So we do options. To that goes to twin API. And that has set up our routes. This last one is to do with this thing called the cause the the browser and the server negotiating what it's allowed to do. And so you have to include that as well, or it doesn't work. Uh, but don't worry too much about it. Add it in. It's going to be great. All right. And then step three is to configure stages which will all be defaults. And then review and create. So let's go in and do this right now. Back we come we go next. This all looks great. Next review and create. Everything looks good. It's twin API gateway. It's connected to the twin API. Any goes straight to uh to an API. Get goes to an API, get goes to to health post to chat, goes in and options as well. That all looks perfect. Create. We are creating our API gateway. Marvelous. All right. And then we've got something final to set up around cause okay so in the newly created API we have to go to cause on the left click configure and add these settings star, star, star and 300 for origin headers and methods. Let me show you this. So first of all, it's going to be cause in the left menu right here, uh, and we are going to go to uh configure. Now this is a, this is a sneaky thing. You press star in here because it's meant to be star, but you don't just click over here and keep going. Nope. You have to press the add button and it appears down there. And if you don't do that, nothing will work and it will take you ages to figure out why. Ages. Uh, as you can imagine, this this might have happened to me. It might have taken me quite a while, and it might have made me seething. And if I get seething and I'm normally an upbeat kind of guy, I can't imagine what it's going to do to you. So to make sure you press the add button, uh, and then this is also needs to be star and add. This one is star, but you don't need to press add. It just goes there because you can only have one. And then this. This was. What was it I already forget, was it 30 or. I think it was, uh, 300, 300, uh, 300 for the max control age 300 and then save. Okay. Successfully created and all seems to be good. Uh oh. Look, I even put in a note there about that add button. Uh, it won't be saved if you don't press add. Okay, well, this is super exciting. It's time for us to test. Okay. Test time. So we go back to AWS. We go to the API gateway. We, uh, find our, uh, our API, which is right here, twin API gateway. You click on the left at the API itself in the sidebar right there. And over on the right. This is the endpoint that our API is running on. I copy that, I open a new browser window and I'm going to go Slash health and see what happens. And bam, look at that. What comes back is healthy. Use S3. True. Uh, how about that? That's kind of cool. Uh, it might have taken a couple of seconds for you because, uh, it had to launch the Lambda function. I actually just run it to make sure it was working. Uh, so it was really, really fast for me. But just so you understand, everything that happened there, this request here, this URL was hitting an Amazon endpoint that's connected to our API gateway that saw that we're running a Get request on the health endpoint. It saw that we had an integration to a Lambda function. So it passed control to that lambda function. That lambda function spawned a fast API server, and it launched that fast API server. And it hit the health route, much as we did when we tested manually through the, uh, the UI earlier. And when you do that, that health route responds like this. And if we go back to our code and we look in Server.py and we look up near the top. You'll see this health check, health response status. Healthy use S3, use S3. How about that? It works. It actually works. We have an API onto a Lambda function. And by the way, as a side note, if you're wondering why earlier when I did this once when we hit the server, we saw more than just status in S3. We saw like bedrock model, and you won't have seen that. Uh, that's because I'd, I'd uploaded a zip file from later in the course that has more information in there. Uh, whereas if I then went back and uploaded the zip file when I realized that's what had happened. And of course, we now do get exactly this health check as it should be, and it shows you actually uploading different zip files into that function. Super easy. Just upload a zip file and the new code gets replaced. So anyways, point is we've got ourselves two S3 buckets, a lambda function, and now an API gateway that can come through this lambda function where most of the way there. Now we're in the we're in the endgame.

@@@END_BATCH
