@@@LECTURE 48 :: Day 3 - Deploying Bedrock LLMs to AWS Lambda and Testing Production APIs
Next up, it's time to build our Lambda package and upload it all of our new code so that the bedrock code so that it's ready to run in our Lambda function. And this is actually quite easy. It's a repeat of what we did before. Bring up a new terminal. We go to the backend directory and now we just we don't really need to do this, but we could do a UV, add requirements.txt to make sure we've got the up to date code and then UV run deploy.py, which is our uh, our script for deploying and off it goes. And this is now building a directory Lambda package, which contains a bunch of files that are being built by installing them in actually in a Docker container to do that. So it's, it's a super reliable way of doing it. And then when it did that, it zipped it all up to Lambda deployment zip. And that includes all of these files here. It includes our data directory and it includes the relevant Python packages. They're all together in that zip file. You can look at the contents by going into Lambda package. And that's, uh, ready now for us to upload to Lambda. So the instructions here are for uploading via S3, which is the safer way for slower connections. But we're going to be be brave and try and do it this way through the UI. So I'm going to go into Lambda. I'm going to find the twin API and then going to go into code. We're already in code upload from a zip file. And you see the zip file that I'm now going to select is the one that I selected the first time, uh, by mistake. So, so uh, it's already had this in it, but this is the right directory now. So I go into back end, I pick lambda deployment, I say open and save. And it's now uploading this new zip file that includes the bedrock code. And that is what we're going to have uploaded to our server. So we'll give it a second. While it does that, let's go back to the instructions. And these instructions guide you through the the way to do it if if your connection is too slow. Um, with uh, Mac and PC instructions. Um, and you can also run this, this code here instead if you've got a fast connection as well. Okay. So it's now time to test it again. If it's run successfully and we can use the same health check as before. And, uh, this time you should see, like me, it has completed. You see, this green successfully updated the function. So we now go to test. We see that health check three, which for you should just be health check should be there. And when I run this test I press the test button executing function. Hopefully it has permissions to do everything. It's successful. Open this up. It's healthy and it says bedrock model and hopefully yours says Bedrock Model two. This time mine did last time as well because I uploaded the wrong step. But uh, now everything is good. We're at the same point and we both get the bedrock model right here. Amazon Nova Light is the one I picked. You might have picked micro, but either way that that is the one that will be used when we run our twin. Excellent. So far so good. So it's now time to test our twin. And there's. You can test it with curl to go straight to the API gateway should you wish. But I think we're just going to jump straight to testing the twin through CloudFront. So you probably have your CloudFront distribution saved somewhere. Oh of course. I've just got it already open over here haven't I? There it is. That is our CloudFront distribution in a new page. And let's say hi there. And this is the first time it's sir. And I noticed that Nova is quite wordy. So there's quite a lot to it. Uh, lots of stuff there. So what would you like to talk about today? Got any questions about my career, my courses on Udemy, or perhaps the tech stack we use at Nebula? Feel free to ask me anything. I'm all ears. Uh, so it's, like, perky. Like me. Uh, so, uh, let's say. Do you like cheese? Uh. Let's see. Ah, the age old question. I must admit, I'm not a big fan of most cheeses. Uh, so, uh. But, hey, everyone has their preference, right? What about you? Uh, maybe it's a little bit too much of the sunniness. Uh, okay, so that is working. It's going against, uh, it's now going to bedrock, and this is using the Nova models as, as our LM connection. And now you might be wondering. Hang on. But we didn't we didn't give it an API key anywhere. We didn't give it a secret key. When we looked in the secrets, I was sharing my screen with you. You saw everything. So how does that work exactly? How are we using paid models but without a key? And of course, the answer is because we're doing it through AWS. We're in the AWS ecosystem. So it's it's going against our existing AWS account. It's being billed to us. And we will see these costs in the custom billing center in AWS when we sign in, uh, as uh, as with the root permissions. And if that goes above our thresholds, we'll get a bunch of emails telling us, so, uh, that that is all it's all built in, baked in to the AWS cloud environment.

@@@LECTURE 49 :: Day 3 - Monitoring Production AI with CloudWatch and Bedrock Metrics
But I know you. You're not the trusting sort. You want evidence that we're calling Nova? It's not clear. Maybe it's still calling OpenAI. Just in a more chatty kind of way or something. We need to see what's going on. And that is a great moment for us to dive into. CloudWatch, the monitoring side of AWS, which will give us exposure to everything going on. So from the AWS console we're going to go to CloudWatch. We're going to go to all metrics. And we're going to start by looking at some metrics associated with our Lambda function. So let's do that right now. Um and there are a bunch of different ways you can get to this actually. But but let's start with with CloudWatch. Here is CloudWatch. And we start by going to all metrics on the left. And then in all metrics we can see all these different things we can choose from. We are going to begin by looking for Lambda which is right here. And within Lambda we can choose uh by resource or by function name. Let's go by function name. Let's choose the. You can see there's a few more functions that we're going to have coming up soon. Uh, but we are going to try and not get too lost in this and find an API. And we can see errors, duration, concurrent executions and invocations and throttles. And this is showing us everything that's gone on on the twin MPI, uh, in the last whatever this is. And we've got this nice little charts up here that can tell us what's happening, and we can look back in time, or we can really zoom in on the last hour to see what's been going on. And this will give you all the visibility into what's happening with your Lambda function. Okay. And now to look at the bedrock metrics. Let's see what's been going on there. You click up here somewhere and you navigate your way to all so that we can come back to bedrock. It's kind of confusing, but it shows on this timeline all the metrics that you've checked. So you get to see everything together. So we're now coming into bedrock. I'm going to choose by model ID, and I can choose to say I want to see Nova Lite, the model I chose, how many invocations, input tokens and output tokens and latency. And now that information is being superimposed on this diagram along with other things. So we're looking for, um, these bedrock, uh, events down here. Um, and uh, let's see if we can find them. Uh, here we go. So here's an example right here. Uh, you can see that bedrock, uh, a bit hard to show you, that sort of green one there is saying that bedrock was called the latency. Uh, I presume that's 1000 milliseconds to look like a second to come up with this. And you can see that the input token count was 4800. And you can see the output token count was 134 tokens. Uh, and the invocations was one. So this shows you how, first of all, there is your proof. Uh, if you didn't believe me, we did, in fact, call Amazon Nova Lite. And we did so because CloudWatch tells us so. And this shows you how you can add different metrics and see them on this timeline that you can then control up here so that you can see everything laid out together based on what you check down here, and by navigating around these menus here starting from all. So that's the way that you put everything together into your metrics and see what's going on in your AWS world. So you can also see logs in a convenient way from CloudWatch. You just on the left here in this sidebar you go to Log groups and then you can pick something that that we would be interested in, like twin API, which is presumably all that you see. And then you can look at these different times when it made some log information. Pick one of them and up it will come. You may need to click display and uh, expand all rows to see it quite the way I've seen it. But you'll see in here things like the requests coming in and then how long it took to respond to the requests and how much that was billed as and memory and memory used, and some other interesting bits and pieces along the way. So this is showing us our login. We haven't put much extensive logging in, but this is where you could go. And you can also set up dashboards as well, which can be useful in CloudWatch. You go to dashboards at the top here. Create a dashboard. We'll call our dashboard twin dashboard. Create dashboard. Here we have it. And we are now going to have a line on our on our dashboard. Let's do one from bedrock. Let's go with model ID and let's put on our line the things that we care about input tokens, output tokens uh invocations and latency. Here we go. We now have a line chart on our dashboard showing this. Let's also add something with a plus button here. Let's add lines that are related to Lambda. So we go into our lambda section. There it is. We'll say um by function name, and we'll go with the twin API. Let's see. Let's go for, uh, duration invocations and have that as a widget on here. There we go. That's when when how long it took and how often it was. It was called. Um. And then let's add one more. Let's add something about errors but not have it be a line. Let's have it be a number, a number to show us the number of errors. Next. So we pick lambda again which is scroll down. It's a lot to navigate here. Uh lambda uh by function name to an API. Again where are you. There you are twin API. And we want to say twin API errors. So this will be the number of errors. And there we go a big old zero. That's what we like to see. No errors from Lambda. Um okay. I think that's probably enough to show you a dashboard. So this would now be our twin dashboard, and you could build your own dashboard so that you could be watching out for how often your twin is called and what's going on. And finally, I do want to show you you can get a lot of this information from the Lambda page itself to in quite a nice way. So if I go to Lambda and I then bring up our twin API here, there is a monitor tab right here. And when you go to that you get a bunch of CloudWatch metrics automatically configured and showing for you. You could of course put this on the dashboard that you're creating as well, but it shows you invocations, duration and so on. Uh, and you also get down below it your CloudWatch logs that you can access immediately as well, the most recent and the most expensive. Um, and then there's some other stuff here. Uh, but but this, I think, is the quickest way to access your logs and visuals associated with any one lambda function. And that is a wrap for week two. Day three. We just added Amazon Bedrock to our are AWS deployment, and it just all worked really nicely with just a couple of changes here and there. It was also a good way to practice re-uploading your Lambda function, which wasn't that hard, and everything seemed to be nice, and we were able to use the Nova models to boot, which was good. And then we were able to use CloudWatch to convince ourselves that we were in fact calling the Amazon Nova models via bedrock. So that's a big moment. Uh, I promise you a lighter day. And it was a bit lighter. We made great progress. Tomorrow is a huge deal. We are now going to move to using Terraform infrastructure as code to build the entire twin environment. And it's going to be like, oh, why don't we just start with this? Uh, but this was important. It was a rite of passage. It was something that you had to go through so that you would. I did it all so that you would appreciate how great Terraform is. Uh, and so that will be the fare for tomorrow. Uh, I'm really, really looking forward to showing you what Terraform can do. Uh, and I will see you then.

@@@LECTURE 50 :: Day 4 - Infrastructure as Code for AI: Deploying LLM Apps with Terraform
Welcome. Welcome to week two, day four. I have something really great in store for you today. I have Terraform. That is what we'll be working on today and it's going to be terrific. We are in the, uh, the section after building all of our Amazon infrastructure. I've taken you through the trauma of setting up all these different resources. And now I'm going to show you how you can do it all just with some code, super easily. And you'll hate me for making you go through that. Uh, but first, before before we go and visit the magic of Terraform, we actually have to have our final time going through all of the AWS screens, because we need to delete the resources that we've already created manually. So let's go. Go right now to AWS logged in as our IAM user and delete us some resources. So here I am at the console home. And a lot of what we're going to do is now in the recently visited. So we can just click straight here to go to Lambda. And you should only see twin API right here. Oh look at that new feature account color. That actually might be quite useful, and it is a good moment to just note that we are logged in as AI engineer the IAM user as we should be. Go into twin API. Here we are in twin API. Go to actions at the top and delete function. It's going to say deleting permanently removes its code. We'll press delete and it's been successfully deleted. Uh, now never fear we're going to be creating it again if you're wondering. But what about my digital twin? It's going to come back and it's going to be so much easier. All right. Next up let's go and look at the let's go back to the home page. And let's go next for the um let's go to the API gateway. Next API gateway. Right here we are going to find the twin API gateway. Click into here. And actually we didn't need to click into there. Sorry. Go back here I think we click here and press delete. Uh proceeding with this action will immediately delete all resources. Can't recover. It makes you type confirmed to be absolutely sure you know what you're doing. There we go. Delete. Successfully deleted. It has gone. Next up we're going to go to S3 and have a look at our S3 buckets. And we have a couple of them. We have the front end and memory. Let's start with memory. And this is a bit of a pain. But you have to empty it before you delete it. So select it and press empty. And then uh, in order to confirm that you have to type permanently delete. But as it happens, you can also do a little hack here of copying that copy and paste and then empty. That's a little pro trick for you. Uh, and it's now empty. Uh, and now we want to to go back and then we select it. It was the memory I emptied right. Select memory and press delete. And it says to confirm deletion enter the and you can't type there. But what you can do is copy here copy paste delete bucket. And it's gone. And now do the same. Of course. To the front end. Front end. Empty. Permanently. Delete. Use this little trick. Empty and it's gone. And now go back and select it and press delete and delete. Front end. Here we go. Copy and paste and delete bucket and success. We've deleted a bunch of resources. There's one more to go. And do you remember what the last one is? What's the last resource we haven't cleared yet? Yes, it's the CloudFront distribution. Back we go. You see, that was that listening thing again. Uh, the new new feature in Udemy. Uh. Uh, okay. So now we go to CloudFront, uh, and, uh, come here, go into our CloudFront distribution, our twin distribution, and we want to delete this and to delete it. So I think we go back here actually again we select there. Uh, and before you can delete it, you have to disable it. So we start by pressing disable. Are you sure you want to disable? Disable? Let it do that. And then we select it again. Uh, it's not yet been disabled, so we can't delete it yet. Hang on. Let's refresh our distributions. It's in the process of disabling it, so we'll have to wait just a second for this to to complete. Go back to CloudFront. It says deploying. So this again I think disabling it is something that can take 5 to 10 minutes actually. So I will put you on hold uh, while I deploy that. And I will see you in five minutes, which will just be one second for you. It's like you've just time traveled five minutes into my future. Here I am at no time passed for you. Uh, so now it has been disabled. I checked that box. I pressed the delete button, and that will permanently delete our distribution. And we have now officially cleaned up our resources. So it is my great joy to unveil for you Terraform, the product that we'll be using to create environments going forwards. Terraform, which was written it's written by by someone called Mitchell Hashimoto. And he founded, uh with someone else, a company called HashiCorp. Uh, his name, uh, there must be about 15 years ago or something now. And they came out with Terraform amongst. They also wrote vagrant. Um, and Terraform has been ferociously popular. Uh, and it's one of those things that that uh, once it's been been around everywhere, you kind of wonder how anyone survived without Terraform. Uh, and, and I want to give you a kind of explanation of, of, uh, what makes it so powerful and then talk you through the terminology so you feel ready for the week ahead of building with Terraform. And we'll, we'll be doing that, of course, for the rest of the course. And hopefully you will do for all of your time building production environments. It's the only way to do it. So, uh, the idea is it's all about creating infrastructure services by writing code to describe the configuration of the services. And it's known as this. This whole approach is called infrastructure as code IAC. You see it written as. And there are many reasons for doing this. But the three that first come to mind, first of all, this gives you control over your infrastructure. Your some at least some of the configuration is something that you check in to git. So you have it versioned, and different versions of your software could go along with different versions of your infrastructure, so that if you have a new database configuration or something that changes along with your your product release, then the Terraform scripts that will go along with that release and be packaged with it, and it can be branched and it can be version controlled and merged and reviewed and everything else that comes with code, it makes so much sense. Instead of just having some kind of deployment sheet we used, we used to have those those massive deployment lists, which would involve you going into things like AWS and clicking around the console. And you know, if you made a mistake like you left out a hyphen from us East one, then. Then. Yeah. Then all help you. So, uh, it's, um, it's just such a better way of doing it. It's also, of course, automated. We've been clicking around these console screens, and it's been laborious, to say the least. And it's all something where you press the button and the soda can comes out. The environment, the new environment comes out of the box. It goes around and effectively clicks through all the different screens. It deals with the fact that you have to go back and set the cause variable that came from setting up this it, setting the S3 bucket name and everything else. It's just all handled for you and it's repeatable. You can run it once and then run it again as often as you like, and you should always have exactly the same environment. And that also means you can build an environment once for test and then build the same environment for production, which is of course, a great thing. Now, uh, Terraform is is one, one version, one type of infrastructure as code. There are others. Uh, so AWS itself has a product called CDK, which is built specifically for AWS and it is quite popular. But I'm I'm teaching I'm going through Terraform here because Terraform is something that's supported with other providers as well. So we'll be able to use Terraform for GCP and Azure. And I would say in in industry generally Terraform is very, very common indeed. It's a great skill. It's a it's a good resume fodder to have this as something you can put on your CV and say that you have experience with Terraform. Uh, and, and it's just terrific. So I'm very happy to be talking you through this today. And rather like front end development, I'm not going to be going deep on Terraform. I'm going to be leaving that as an exercise for the reader. For the viewer, I guess, uh, that will will be copying and pasting code again. Uh, and I'll be giving you some intuitions to it, but asking you to go away, read through it, understand it in your own time. But let me give you the terminology, the things that to look out for the constructs, and you might need to get a piece of paper and pen to write these down. This is a good, good thing to to keep note of or a notepad on your computer, or however you note things down. Take note. Here are the six bits of terminology that we will be coming across very shortly. First of all, the word provider a provider in Terraform is like a it's a cloud provider. It's a vendor. It's AWS or GCP or Azure. It's it's it's a like a plugin which configures Terraform to be able to apply itself to that provider. A variable is like a setting. It's a parameter that controls your deployment. It's going to maybe the bedrock model ID would be an example of a variable. We'll have a bunch of them. A resource is the fundamental building block of your infrastructure. Your infrastructure will consist of a number of different resources. So an S3 bucket would be an example of a resource. And we'll be setting up several resources in each one you'll see defined in code that's that's and these three terms provider variable and resource. These are the most essential terms. If you remember anything it's these three. And we use these. And information about these gets gets checked into git. And so this this will really describe our environment to Terraform. And then for three more terms for you to write down uh state. So the state is uh, terraform understanding of what is the reality right now. What do you actually have at the moment deployed on your live infrastructure and state are stored in private, private variables that we do not check in to source control, because that's something that would would change and is based on you applying Terraform. Uh, output are the results of a deployment. So after you do a deployment you have outputs. And they are things like CloudFront distribution URL that you want to go to. So so those are the outputs from Terraform and a workspace. And this is a probably a more pro term. But we will be using that. We'll be using workspaces today. Uh workspaces allow you to have a completely separate, uh, set of state in an isolated way. I've got, like, a cloud in a box in the icon. It's like it's a different, isolated box in which you have all of your your state separately. And this allows you to have a separate world for development and test and production. Each of them is considered a separate workspace that you could switch between. And when you switch to it, you're in this completely different world of a different state. So it gives you that kind of very similar to a namespace that that kind of concept that applies to everything that you're working with. And so it allows you to have like one configuration that you'll then be able to apply to different, different worlds. So those are the key terms. And as you'll see the commands that you'll use there's a terraform init Terraform apply. These are the these are the commands that you use to to set things going. I think in the last slide I just said terraform init. But it's terraform init and terraform apply and terraform destroy brings things down. So these are the commands that are about to be running. Uh right now let's let's go and do it. Let's. Enough talk. Let's go and work with Terraform.

@@@LECTURE 51 :: Day 4 - Infrastructure as Code: Automating AI Deployments with Terraform
And here we are back in Casa and we're back in the twin project. And the great news is that we won't be needing to go to the AWS console, because we're going to be doing things automatically. The only time you do still need to go to the AWS console, of course, is IAM setup. When you're setting up, like going in as root to set up the permissions that you'll be able to give your IAM that that is still needed, but we won't be doing that right now. Uh, okay. So we go to the week two folder. We're now on day four. We open the preview to see our instructions for the day, and it starts with stuff about what you'll learn. Part one is cleaning manual resources, which we already did. Uh, hope you did that too. That's very good. And then, uh, it does uh, it doesn't suggest it here, but it should suggest that this might also be a good juncture to go and check your spend, pause for a second, go in as root and just check what your, your, uh, your cost and billing looks like. Make sure that it's exactly what you expect. I imagine all of you are on the free AWS sign up plan, in which case your your cost will be right, right? Zero. But it's always important to check, uh, even if you think it should be zero. Go and have a look. Anyways, go do that now and then. We are back. Part two is understanding Terraform. Well, uh, this, uh, as it says here, it's about being a version controlled, automated and repeatable. And here are some of the key concepts again. But this is now what to look for in the code. So this this structure is what Terraform code looks like. Resources of course are these essential building blocks. A resource is like an S3 bucket. So here's an example resource AWS S3 bucket. And then it's got a name and it's got, it's got uh, then the the attributes of that resource listed inside curly braces, uh, the state. So the state is is terraform's understanding of what's actually out there in real life. And it's stored in a special file called Terraform state. So TF state files contain Terraform's view of the world. I mentioned a provider. The provider is like AWS. That's a provider. And you define that with the word provider and then the name and then some parameters in curlies. And I mentioned variables. This is where you set uh parameters that control your, your your configuration like this one which has a name, uh, an environment name. And the type is a string. And then I mentioned workspaces that allow you to have completely separate states, say for development, test and production. All right. First things first. We need to install Terraform. Uh, and for a mac and a PC, these are the ways to do it. Uh, on a mac, If you use homebrew, then it's just this and this brew tap HashiCorp. That is the name of the company. The the key author, Mitchell Hashimoto. It's his last name. Uh. And, uh. Yeah. So then once you've done this, you should be able to. Let's bring up a new terminal window. And if you've done the, the, the, the PC way, there's a link here. Or you can, uh, run. Sorry, here's the link for a PC and it tells you what to do. And when we're ready, we need to do terraform minus minus version. And just check that we have version 1.13. That's a pretty recent version. Uh, look at that. It says version 1.1. We have 1.13. All right. And now it's time for us to set some things in a dot git ignore. Now I don't think I mentioned a git ignore before because this isn't actually a repo, but it will be soon. Soon enough. And it's good to have a git ignore to make sure that things that shouldn't be sent to git. Don't get sent to git when it comes to terraform. You want lots of things about Terraform to go and get, but there's some things that you don't want. You don't want these terraform state files in git because they relate to the current world out there on AWS and changes all the time. Not not appropriate for version control. Um, there's some lock files you don't want there. Uh, other private files, um, and TF vars are the variables that could be used to control what's going on. And they could have some, some secrets in them. But there is we want to when you put a bang, an exclamation mark in a dot git ignore it means. But you should include this in the repo. Uh terraform.tf vars the general variables. The default variables. We do want to include that. And actually we do want to include prod tf as well as you will see. Okay. Uh, while we're at it we might as well set up our dot git ignore to be to be good, which means that we want to not put into source code, control our zip file and that whole directory lambda package. We never want environment files in there, actually, with one little exception that will come up against later. Uh, and we don't want node modules, which is stuff that's been npm installed and the static outputs, um, and uh, any of this stuff and obviously a virtual environment. Uh, actually, uh, I think we'll, we'll, uh, we fix this later. But you've lock is something that, that you do normally want in source code control. Anyway, I'm going to copy all of that. I'm going to go to git ignore paste all of this in and save. And that is now setting up my git ignore so that we are in good shape. Okay, it's now time to create our Terraform configuration okay. So the next step then is to create our Terraform configuration. So we're going to create a new top level folder in our project called Terraform. There it is. We're now underway. Uh, and, uh, we are going to. Yes, we do indeed have this directory structure. We are now going to make our first Terraform file called versions with this. This is your first look at Terraform code. Now TF files are the key files which describe your configuration in code. And you can have as many of these TF files as you want. Terraform actually internally just brings them all together into one one long list. Uh, so uh, there's some conventions like it's common to have versions. It's really up to you. Uh, it is common to, to split things out. And today we're going to have one pretty big Terraform file just to keep things simpler. But it would be more typical to divide it into multiple. But anyway, for our first file, our first file is called versions. Here it is versions. And we're going to paste this in. Let. Let me tell you what this does. It is setting up our providers and their versions. Here they are. And save that we're saying that we're using AWS uh, in US East one. Okay. Back we go. That's our first Terraform file. The next one is defining some variables. It's going to go into Variables.tf. Here they are. Let's select the variables variables.tf in Terraform new file variables and paste. And let's have a look at this. This is all sorts of stuff that we're going to have through our configuration. It's got things like bedrock model ID I told you it was a variable. Here it is. And that's the default value right there. Uh the lambda timeout of 60s, uh, and various other things here. Uh, there's a special one here that we're not going to be using yet, but we will use later called Use custom domain, which is set to false, first of all, But later we may consider setting that to true. Uh, you may be wondering about custom domains, but it's been coming. Uh, okay. So that is variables back we go to here. Uh, it's now time for the big guy, uh, main. And as I say, it will be more typical to divide this into multiple files, but we're just going to have one massive great file here that describes everything. This is all Terraform code, which is doing all the clicking around in the console that we were doing in the last couple of days. Look at all this. Uh, so yeah, I mean, you know, in some ways there's still work to be done. There's no getting around that. Uh, but of course, it's, uh, definitely more in, uh, our world to be writing that as code instead of writing that as clicking instead of instead of having to do it manually through screens, which feels much less predictable and repeatable. So Main.tf is what we're calling this file, and we're pasting in the full contents. And let's just take a look somewhere here to give you some examples. Uh, here here is the, uh, setting up the IAM roles that are telling Lambda that it is as access to bedrock and S3. Remember when we did that? This is giving Amazon Bedrock full access and Amazon S3 full access to our Lambda component. That's an example of something that we configured and where it's getting set up. And you can see let's find something else. Let's find something simpler than that. That was quite an advanced one to start with. Uh, let's just find an S3 bucket. Here is an S3 bucket, which is called memory. Uh, it has uh, it's been given a like a prefix before it as a variable name. Then the word memory and then the account ID coming after it. And this prefix I'll give you a preview is going to be like twin. And then either prod or dev or test depending on the environment we're in. That's how we will be separating things out. Um, okay. And uh, yeah, that's, that's really that's all there is to it. And that's not really all. There's a whole huge file. Uh, it's all I'm going to explain of it. The action for you is to go through this and look through it and and learn from it. And, uh, you could if this is definitely a rabbit hole worth exploring. If you'd like to find out more about, uh, how you configure the, uh, different AWS services using Terraform here, for example, is a super important one is where we define the Lambda function, uh, called API. And we give it the file name that it has to upload from. From here, uh, we give it the name of the function twin, uh, test API. We give it, uh, the role. This is the handler. Remember when we set up lambda? Lambda handler. Handler. Uh, we give it, uh, the runtime. We tell it the x86 architecture. And this is where we use the variable that we set up for lambda timeout that we saw just a second ago. This is where we set the cause origin that all the chestnut you can see that there's some stuff here. There's some some complicated stuff. Because when we use a custom domain we need to switch in a different, uh, origin. But you can see basically that if we're not using a custom domain, then it's going to use the CloudFront distribution that's been generated for AWS. That's what's going to go in there. Use S3 is true bedrock model ID is the bedrock model ID variable that you saw being defined earlier. And this depends on, just as the comment says means that lambda is going to wait, uh, before it's fully created until the distribution exists, because it needs to be able to set that in this, this variable here. Um, I actually think this isn't strictly required, because I think that Terraform figures out those kinds of cross dependencies for itself, but there's no harm in saying it if you know that it's there. Okay, as I say, and here's the AWS API gateway. I'm not I'm not obeying my own. I can't resist telling you about these things. Uh, come and have a look through each of these to see. See how it all works. The CloudFront distribution right here, and see how all of the fields that we set ourselves are created here. Uh, this is the, the, uh, methods delete get head, uh, and, uh, hooking up our CloudFront distribution, um, to make sure that it's going to, to, uh, take the S3 bucket that we set up. So look through it all that's the to do. That's your assignment. And, uh, come back when you are, uh, you've seen it, you've done some googling, you've satisfied yourself that Main.tf describes the resources that we will be building on AWS.

@@@END_BATCH
