@@@LECTURE 32 :: Day 1 - AWS Foundations for Production AI: From Console to Infrastructure
Well, do you have your sleeves rolled up? I hope you have your sleeves rolled up. I'm wearing a polo shirt, so my sleeves are naturally rolled up, but I hope you've got your sleeves firmly rolled up. We've got a huge week ahead. Absolutely gigantic. I've got so much to show you. No time to waste. Let's get straight into it. This week is all about AWS, and I can tell you it's going to be a bit gruelling, but overall it's going to be extremely fun. We have a lot to build and you're going to by the end of the week, you're going to be like a pro at AWS. I wouldn't say you're necessarily yet an expert. We'll wait until the end of the whole four weeks before you get to that point. But you're going to be a pro, you're going to know this stuff, and it's going to be great. And what you see here is a preview of everything I have in store for you this week, including building a product using bedrock, Terraform, GitHub actions so much. But first, we need to look back at what happened last week and the new skills that you've acquired as a result. We built a front end app. It was a react app. We used Next.js, the application framework. It was the TypeScript variant of it. We used the pages router. This week we're going to be using the app router. And we use tailwind for styling. We built a backend app using the fabulous fast API. We use Clark for user authentication and for building subscription plans that could also be hooked up to stripe. We are not going to be using that this week, but it might make a comeback in the future. Hang on in there and we package this into a Docker container. And for those new to Docker, we covered some of the basics and we tested it locally. And it worked front end and back end running in one container. And then we took that container and we deployed it to the cloud. We used AWS App Runner. And after how easy it was to do that with Clark, it was a it was it was a little bit of a sweat to go through all of the steps. But this is core AWS learning. And at the same time as doing all this, we should take note that we did in fact call an LM and stream back results. So whilst it felt like 80% of what we were doing is kind of core platform engineering work. There was an AI angle to it too, and I gave you an assignment to beef up the app to make it have more functionality, more capabilities, something that could actually be commercially useful in a medical practice. And I'm really hoping you did that. Something maybe you've shared a link to it and did a PR to community contributions so that other students can see what you've done. Maybe you posted about it on LinkedIn, in which case, if you tagged me, then I will come in and check it out, weigh in and make sure I amplify your success. That is what I'm here for. But before we do anything else, let's take a moment to go back into AWS as the root user and check that we've got the right kind of costs that we were expecting and there's no surprises. And then we will go and clean up the infrastructure. Let's go do that now. And so here I am at AWS Amazon.com screen I'm going to sign in to console. I already signed in, but you need to go in and press that sign in as root user button. So you're going in. And when you look on the top right, you don't see AI engineer, you see your name or your root user name. We're in as me and we're going to go billing and cost management. We should we should search for it here. But you can also click on the on the link. Just there. There it is billing and cost management. Up it comes. And let's check how much money we have spent. Now you'll notice that I have spent $105, which is uh, yes, it was very much unnecessary and you will not have done. I very much hope that you will, in fact, have spent zero at this point, because you almost certainly were able to sign up with free introductory plan. I couldn't, because I've been using AWS for a while. Uh, even though I actually set up a new account for this for this course. But it knew that I had existing accounts, I think probably because my, my credit card, uh, so I wasn't eligible. Hopefully you were. But even if you weren't, you should have spent a tiny amount at this point. I've spent so much because of all my time preparing for this course and figuring out what are the cheapest services that we could use. Uh, so hopefully you're looking at very good numbers here indeed. Um, and, uh, the next thing that we're going to do is just check that, uh, the, the various services that we've built are no longer running. Let's go and do that now. So I'm staying logged in as the root user because whilst you try and do as little as possible as the root user, if you're looking to check that everything has been brought down or something like that, you don't want to be restricted in any way. You want to be absolutely sure you're seeing everything. And I'm going to start by searching for App Runner, which was of course, the AWS app runner was the component that we used last time. Let's come in here and we can see that there are, for me, some things running. Uh, you can ignore. Alex. Researcher Alex is going to be the name of our final project, and you can see that I've already been playing around with what? What there is to build. So. So ignore that. But I have two consultation services, the original one I built and the second one I was doing while I was showing it to you. And so we need to now close these down. So let's go into one of them. Uh, and here we go. And then I'm going to go over to actions and I'm going to say delete. And it says to confirm deletion type delete in this field. And that's what I will do. And I will press delete. And it's saying operation in progress. And that will shortly delete that app runner. Of course you can feel free to keep it running if it's something that you're planning to make oodles of money off and you've built it up into something substantive. But otherwise the right thing to do is to delete it and do that to the other app service as well. You won't have to. If you have anything else, any other app runners running, then delete them so that this is nice and clean. And then I will see you back in a minute. But wait, before we go back to the slides, there is one other thing we might want to check. Uh, it's very, very small, but there is also a small cost for the space we're using up with the, uh, the Docker image that we put in ECR. Remember what ECR stands for, Elastic Container Registry where our container is. So if we go to the container registry. Here it is. We should find that in the container registry is indeed consultation app from our deployment can select it and press delete. I think we are talking about really really minimal costs here. But if you want to be, uh, clean about this, you should delete it. Later on this week, we'll look at a way to to see all of the resources you've got in Amazon, so you can be absolutely sure you know what you're paying for. This is we're just doing it this way for now so that you get a really good feel for it. Okay. And now back to the slides. So let's take a moment to be self-congratulatory. And we're 25% of the way through the course. What what skills have you already picked up at this point when you're wearing your your entrepreneurs hat? Remember I said that this this course applies to entrepreneurs and enterprise people and everyone in between. As an entrepreneur, you're now in the position where you can deploy an AI web app using Vercel with authentication subscription, you now know how to build your own app and deploy it, building an app with front end and back end and so on. That is a big box ticked. If you're an enterprise person working in a larger company, you have a lot of the foundational AWS knowledge you understand about AI, how to set up the root user and IAM user and give it permissions. And you also know about containers using AWS App Runner. Putting your container on ECR Elastic Container Registry. Uh, there's a lot of these acronyms to learn. So so you've got a lot of this foundational knowledge. And also you've worked with the AWS console quite a bit. You've got somewhat familiar with clicking around, looking at your your AWS account ID and your username and looking at these numbers and things like that. So I've got an enormous week in store for you this week. It's really going to be a lot of, of uh, we're going to cover so much of, of AWS. We're going to be building and deploying an AI app on AWS, on Amazon Web Services. And these are some of the words that we're going to be doing. We'll be using Lambda, bedrock, S3, API gateway, CloudFront, route 53, and some other things too. And there's going to be a lot of these words for you to take on board. So so be be mentally prepared for that. We're going to be doing this. We're going to be setting everything up through the AWS console and through a few commands, through some AWS commands. And that's going to be very laborious. And it's actually not the way people normally do it in practice, because several years ago, this amazing thing called Terraform came along, which was a way that you could write code to describe your infrastructure as known as infrastructure as code. And you can use Terraform to describe the AWS resources you want to build, and then just go and make them be built without going into the console at all. So you might wonder, why didn't we just do that from the beginning? And the reason is because if you just use Terraform and some people just go straight into Terraform, then you, you never really appreciate what's actually being built in AWS. And you don't understand the different building blocks. And if something were to go awry, you wouldn't know how to go into the console and find it and understand it. So I honestly think it's incredibly important to have built your first couple of apps, the sort of the standard, traditional way of setting them up in the screens and a bit of command line. And then we moved to Terraform, and you see how fabulous Terraform is and how it makes everything just happen so easily. And you can bring up environments and bring them down and up and down and yeah, just just for a few clicks rather than endless clicking around consoles. Uh, now AWS has its own version of Terraform called CDK, which is an AWS proprietary way of doing it, just for AWS. And I'm not planning to cover that on this course, because if you if you use CDK, then that will only work for Amazon. And we're going to use Terraform because that's more of an industry standard and because we'll be able to use it for AWS and also for GCP and Azure. And it's very widely used in the community. But everything we cover is possible with CDK and An LLM will easily convert between Terraform scripts and CDK. So if you'd rather be doing CDK, you absolutely can. But I do encourage Terraform. We'll also be using GitHub actions, which is a way of doing what's called CI, CD, continuous integration and deployment. And that's going to be really great too. So tons of things to cover. And this is all core expertise for an enterprise role or even a even a startup. At my startup we use Terraform and we deploy to the cloud with, with a lot of this stuff. So, so from startup to medium sized company to enterprise, this is the way it works for a scalable, robust, uh, industrial strength cloud application. But what about for an entrepreneur? If you're the entrepreneur you loved building with Vercel in week one and you might be thinking to yourself, okay, but Vercel kind of works for me. But do I need to do this? Why? Why don't I stick with vassal and look the. In all honesty, the answer might be maybe vassal is all you need, particularly at the early stage of starting a new business and building a product for the first time for sale can be perfect for you. But I'd argue that it's still essential for you to learn about how AWS works, how a proper cloud deployment actually works in practice. Vercel is doing all of this behind the scenes. It just does it all for you. And understanding. Understanding this, this scalable framework is something that will position you well for success later. As your app takes off, there's going to become a point when you will outgrow Vercel, and it's going to be time to deploy your product properly. And understanding the frameworks, understanding how cloud deployments work and the architecture and the pros and cons sets you up perfectly for that. And it helps you know when is the right moment to move from a vassal kind of thing into a proper AWS or GCP or Azure deployment. So I'd say entrepreneurs are welcome to. This is equally important for you. You could choose maybe not to do all the deployments yourself just to watch the videos, but this is going to be essential learning for you to.

@@@LECTURE 33 :: Day 1 - Cloud Deployment Architectures for Production AI Applications
And now, perhaps for the single most important topic of the entire course, cloud deployment architecture, I'm going to be talking for a bit. There's going to be some theory today, then some lab today. Tomorrow will be the bigger lab. So there are a number of different ways that you can deploy software to the cloud. And it's ambiguous and it's confusing. And people use terms like pass in different situations to mean different things. So I'm going to tell you the most common and the most typical use of language. But be be aware of the fact that some people use these terms differently. So you may need to figure out what someone's talking about by asking a few pointed questions. But first and foremost, the simplest way that you can deploy to the cloud and the way we all started doing this, where it all came from, is what some people would call traditional cloud server. And it's also sometimes known as IaaS infrastructure as a service. And this is where you quite simply rent a computer in the cloud. You rent a box, you have access to a server, and you own that server while you're renting it. And that means you have to set up everything on that server. You have to choose the operating system that runs on it. You have to install patches on there, set up all the software and configure it, run your programs on it. But it's like you've got a server that you can remotely connect to and it's yours to run with. And back in the day, this is how we did all cloud deployments. We get a bunch of server compute. We'd set them all up. We'd install a database on one, we'd install an app server on another, and these would be servers running remotely in the cloud, on AWS or wherever. That's where it began. And next up is platform as a service or pass. And this is where you write some code to do your application, some business logic and some functionality, and then everything else is handled for you by a platform that's responsible for taking what you've done and dealing with everything else to put it online, live on the internet. And this was initially, I think, made most famous by Heroku back in the day, if you've heard of that. They were like the first people to really, uh, bring, bring the world to this model. And now it's very common. And you're most familiar with it because it is, of course, what Vercel is. Uh, this is exactly what we did last time. We wrote a bit of code. We wrote a vassal dot JSON file in day one, and it just dealt with everything else. It just put it up there on the internet and gave us a URL, and we were done compared with what we went through on day five. Uh, it was it was pretty magical. So that is pass. And then another thing that you've also got some experience with now is called container as a service or sometimes called CAS. And this is where you package up an app into a Docker image. So you've containerized it as they say, and then the service will take care of the rest. You made a container. It will then put that container on the internet. And that's what we did, of course, with AWS App Runner. And that is a common model. And I should say sometimes people do use CAS and pass in different contexts. But but this is the most common. Okay. And next up container orchestration. So this is something which is a pro uh, approach. Uh, and sometimes when people say CAS they're referring to this, it's confusing. But I would call it container orchestration. And that's probably what most people would say. This is where you want to manage not one container, but a large number of containers that all need to collaborate with each other in some way. There's some messaging they do between each other. You want to manage how they scale. You want to be able to monitor them. You want to be able to restart them. You want to be able to to orchestrate is the word, uh, everything that's going on with potentially many containers and doing that involves using typically a product like famously one called Kubernetes that's extremely popular, and running all of that infrastructure on the cloud. And this is known as container orchestration. And this is the most advanced approach and for large scale companies. And we will not be covering that on this course. If you want to use Kubernetes then that can be a follow on exercise for you. We do actually use it at my startup, so it can be used even at smaller companies. Um, and it is more of a, of a sort of pro approach for large scale applications. And then last of just of the five that we're going to cover, there are many more. But of the big five, last, definitely not least, in fact the hottest, the one that everyone loves to talk about is known as serverless architecture or serverless functions, sometimes called function as a service. Not so common, but you sometimes hear that and this the this this is the hot thing that came up a few years ago, but has just got bigger and bigger. And it's an idea where you get very granular as a developer. You just write one particular function that could be like like a route to call or a particular fast API server, and that function can be uploaded to to a platform, and it will be run on demand. When, when the outside world, when when a web request comes in that needs to use this function or in some other way, it needs to be called a server will be spun up and it will be run, and then the server will be shut down. And this can happen in parallel. It can be scaled. You can have none of them running at all, in which case you don't pay a penny, or if suddenly a whole bunch of requests come in, it could scale up and handle whatever demand you've got. So it's super flexible. It's flexible in terms of being able to scale effectively, and it's flexible in terms of pricing, because you only pay for the CPU that you use. You only pay when this thing is actually running and that makes it very attractive indeed, particularly for companies that want to be able to start small and grow fast. And generally making heavy use of these is known as a serverless architecture and is so hip at the moment. And that's definitely we're going to be using serverless functions a lot on this course, uh, along with uh, with containers as a service as well. Those will be the ones that we'll focus on more than any other. Uh, so that that gives you the lay of the land, the five main cloud deployment archetypes that you may come across. And then finally, just to layer on this diagram, what are the names of the AWS components for each? So for traditional cloud servers it's known as EC2. Now you don't need to memorize this though. We will cover some of these in a lot more. And by the end of it you're going to be dreaming these things. EC2 is the name of Amazon's, uh, Traditional compute where you can get your own compute box. I'm not gonna I'm not gonna tell you what the acronyms stand for yet. We will have plenty of time for that. Uh, the platform as a service pass. Amazon's offering there is known as Beanstalk. Of course, you already know Vercel and realize it's not an Amazon product. I put that on just because you know it. Well, uh, so, uh, Beanstalk is AWS is offering there for container as a service. We did this. As you know, this is app runner container orchestration. Amazon actually has two different offerings. One's called ECS and one's called X, which is the Kubernetes version of it. And you might say hang on, X sounds familiar. But no, you're thinking of ser, which would be the Elastic Container Registry. It just all rolls off the tongue, doesn't it? Uh, and then serverless functions, you've almost certainly heard of this already because it's so, so hot. Lambda is the name of AWS product for calling functions in the cloud.

@@@LECTURE 34 :: Day 1 - AWS Cloud Components for Production AI: S3, Lambda, and Bedrock
So we're now going to talk about AWS components a little bit more. Before we get to the to the lab. And I just want to make the point that I do think that, that some of the cloud deployment world is a bit like learning biology. I think of working with LMS. The stuff that is my my greatest forte, I feel, is more like physics. It's more about understanding, experimenting, learning about the way, what, how it works and why it works and that kind of thing. With AWS, there's a lot of learning, there's a lot of anatomy, there's a lot of words and acronyms and stuff to memorize if you want to feel fluent in it. I was never much good at biology at school. I'm sure some of you are brilliant at biology or me. Uh, so so I do, I find it, I find it hard work. And some of you may find it hard work as well. I find learning about LMS rather simpler. Uh, with AWS, as I say, there's there's going to be lots of terminology. And my advice to you is to not let it get to you. Just listen to all these words. Copy what I do expect that it will sink in over time as you start to have like S2 and S3 and Lambda and CloudFront and all these other things just roll off the tongue. But we are now going to have a biology lesson as we get into the AWS components that we'll be using this week. So then I'm going to talk about five of them which are the main five we will use. So Amazon S3, S3 which stands for Simple Storage Service. Uh this is very simple indeed. It is just like having a shared drive, like a Google drive in the cloud that you can access for your software. And it's organized into things called buckets and an S3 bucket. You hear people saying that all the time. I'm going to put that in S3 bucket. And S3 bucket is like one particular shared drive with one particular name that you can access. And in that bucket you can have basically directories and files, just just like any shared drive. That is S3. And of course there's lots of hair, there's lots of complexity around it. But but that's the simple, simple version Lambda we've already talked about. You're going to get to love it. This is individual functions run on the cloud. You only pay for the CPU clock cycles that you use CloudFront. front. Okay. What is CloudFront? So have you heard of something called a CDN? A content delivery network. CDNs are part of the way that the internet works when it comes to to larger files like images and JavaScript files. It would be very inefficient if every time you looked at a web page like a news web page, it was going all the way back to their servers to collect all of the images and bring them back all over the internet from wherever the servers are running in, in the States or wherever that particular site is being hosted. And so there is this idea that for larger files that are static, like images, it's more efficient for, for for companies to push them out to, to smaller data centers all over the world, so that when a user brings up a web page, it loads some of the web page from the actual server itself, like CNN. If you're looking at CNN's at news, but for some of the images, it's just collecting them from a local data center somewhere really near where you're located, so that it only has to travel a little bit. And it's really fast. And when you have a service that someone like CNN can connect with in order to push out their assets, like images to to be located close to everyone all over the world, that service is known as a CDN, a content delivery network, and Amazon offers such a service. And their offering is known as CloudFront. So CloudFront. And when you when you work with CloudFront, it's called making CloudFront distribution. That means being able to take the assets associated with your with your app and be able to distribute them all over the world so that when people bring up a web page, it's collecting. It's talking to to Amazon servers for some things, but it's talking to all these CloudFront servers all over the world to collect your assets. So that is called CloudFront. If you didn't get all of that it doesn't matter because we're going to play with it. You're going to get a better sense for it later. But hopefully you now know three of the Amazon words we'll be doing today. And then the next one is called Amazon API gateway. And this is another Amazon component where you can manage. You can set up the different, uh, External APIs you will offer the world that might then, for example, call a lambda function and put some instrumentation around them so you can manage things like rate limiting them and managing how they scale and so on. Now it happens with Lambda. You can set up lambda so that the outside world can go straight to lambda in some ways, but it is considered a best practice to set up an API gateway. It gives you more controls, it's more bulletproof, and it's more the way you would build an enterprise application. And so that's what we'll be using today. Well, not actually today this week, but we'll be talking about it today. And then last but not least is AWS not AWS Amazon Bedrock. And this this is something which is one of a two different LLM offerings that Amazon has that we'll talk about the other one next week. But bedrock is something which allows you to quickly build JNI apps by connecting to Frontier Models Foundation LMS through bedrock. And it has a number of other features, like it has like an agent platform in there too, that we'll look at at some point. But this is all part of the Amazon Bedrock product, and it's a very minor point. You may have noticed I got tongue tied about Amazon Bedrock versus AWS bedrock. It's interesting that Amazon is quite careful with its branding that some of its products are branded Amazon. And then the product and some of them are AWS and the product, and they are consistent everywhere with it. So just so that you feel native with AWS products, it's worth knowing. Typically the Amazon branding is for some of their earliest offerings, like S3 that that came at the very beginning, Amazon S3. And also they use the Amazon branding for products that they want to be in front of consumers, products which which they want to be out there in the public, not just for us nerds. Uh, and so that would be something like bedrock. They want to really promote bedrock as, as their gen AI offering. So it's Amazon bedrock. But for some of the more the nerdier offerings that are meant for us re engineers, uh, they brand them AWS. So it's AWS Lambda, for example. So there's something to know about, if you're wondering, uh, if you want to get it right then then you should you should stick with the way that they describe it in their docs.

@@@LECTURE 35 :: Day 1 - Building Your Digital Twin: AWS Lambda + Bedrock Architecture Setup
And now let me unveil to you the project we'll be working on throughout this week. The digital twin people who took my Agentic course will have already built a digital twin. I think I called it your career alter Ego in that course, which is basically a chat bot which is there to represent you to the outside world. It's like the future of the resume. Instead of having a resume on your website, you have like a chat bot that knows about you and your career history and your interests, and recruiters or managers can interact with that to ask questions about what you and what you might be interested in. And you can you can prep it and make it be better and better at answering the kinds of questions people might want to ask. Now I'm calling this digital twin Mark two, because it's like a big step ahead of what I did in the Agentic course, although some parts of it, I'm not going to do some of the functionality, which in terms of things like tool use, which is going to be an assignment for you if you took the Agentic course. Uh, but so it's going to be Mark two. But don't worry if you didn't. If you haven't taken the genetic course, you don't have a mark one you don't need to. We're gonna also be starting from scratch with the new version. So what is this going to do? Okay, I'm going to tell you about the deployment architecture of the digital twin and this deployment architecture. It's going to look a bit unwieldy if you've not seen these sorts of things before. There's going to be a bunch of boxes with different AWS components on them. But I'm here to tell you, rest assured, however unwieldy this looks, it's going to be like five times worse next week. So. So you better be able to withstand this one. Because because this this is this is easy peasy compared to what I have in store for you. But here we go. This is the deployment architecture that we're going to be building this week for our digital twin. So the digital twin begins with lambda functions that we'll write one lambda function which will handle the business logic of digital twin. It's something which can basically respond to a request by from a hiring manager about to chat with you about what you might be interested in working on, or what your background experience, your proudest accomplishment, or whatever. So that's the first first component using Lambda. It is going to need to keep track of the conversation which it's having with the user. And as you hopefully know from using Llms, every call to an LLM is completely stateless. It has no knowledge of what was said before. If you want an LLM to be able to apparently have a conversation where it keeps the context of the conversation, you need to supply the full conversation so far every time you call the LLM. And we're going to store that in S3. There's going to be an S3 bucket called memory. And in that S3 bucket we're going to have separate files for each of the different user conversations. That'll be in an S3 bucket that Lambda will access. So far so good. We are going to build API gateway that is going to allow the outside world to come in and call our lambda function and be able to, uh, be be used that in order to have a conversation with our LM and that those blue boxes make up the backend of our system. That was the back end. Let's talk about the front end. So look, we built a Next.js app. You remember from last week that one of the things we can do with that is export a static website that represents our front end. And we will do that. And we will put that static website, a set of HTML, JavaScript and CSS that's generated from the TypeScript and tailwind and all the rest of it that generated static website. We will go and put that on an S3 bucket, another S3 bucket called front end. So we now have like a two S3 buckets. One is called memory used by the back end and one is called front end uh, and is used by the front end. And then we will deliver that to CloudFront. We will set up a CloudFront distribution, and that means that our static site will be considered an asset that will be distributed around the world, so that anyone can quickly access it from a data center that's near to them. That's our front end. So now we have a front end and a back end. How do these two things come together? Well, it's actually the same as day five of last week, although I didn't necessarily explain it in full detail, but the place where the front end and back end comes together is in fact the browser, the user's browser. The user starts by going to a web address or URL, and it will be the web address of our CloudFront distribution. So when they enter in that web address, basically they will collect the entire static site and they will render that in the browser. The browser will display the full web page, which will show like a chat bot, ability to have a conversation with your digital twin. And when they enter in something into that, that browser, into that static website, it will make an API call, and the place it will go with. That API call is of course API gateway, and that means that it will go through hit our Lambda business function and it will indeed chat with them, taking memory from the S3 bucket with memory. And that is how the front end and the back end fits together. Is there anything missing from this? We've forgotten anything. Anything at all. Can you think? Yes. We forgot to mention the LM. The LM does feature here. Our lambda business logic is going to make a call to an LM, and it's going to do that by using a service called bedrock, which is Amazon's service for for wrapping LM calls. So there is some purple. Remember purple is for our AI. There is some purple on this screen. And it's it's for bedrock. There it is. And that is our full deployment architecture for the digital twin Mk two. It's not so bad. Uh, that's that's what we'll be doing throughout this week, and it's all going to come together. So before we go to the lab one final time to remind you that this is going to be somewhat tiresome for you, basically, this entire week is one massive environment setup. Everyone's favorite part of this course of my previous courses, anyway. Uh, so, uh, I suggest that you follow along. You watch me do it first, and then afterwards you go through the the guides that that I have, which are like set up guides and you just just go through and set everything up and look, I'm going to be honest, it's a lot of like copying and pasting. It's lots of we won't be typing out any code. And it's not like labs where they're not like notebooks where the code is there for you to inspect and look at. It's going to be setting up all these different bits of code. So it's going to feel like a lot of busy work. Um, but this this is where you'll do the learning and you may need to do some repetition like I, do, sometimes suggest that you do these things a couple of times over as a way to build the muscle memory and really get so familiar with these AWS components. Again, it's biology. There's some learning. Uh, I don't like learning. Uh, I mean, I like understanding, I don't like having to memorize. And there's some of that. Uh, so, uh, read the guides. Uh, check check them. Because I update them as as you hit problems. And there's going to be problems because there's so many possible systems out there, so many ways to to to make a mistake. Uh, I will be, uh, adding things to the guides to help explain. So keep an eye on the guides. Keep an eye on community contributions for any extra troubleshooting tips from students. Uh, do keep an eye on the docs. Use LMS so in cursor. If you're using cursor, use use agents. If you use cloud code. I love cloud code. I use it a lot. Then use that too. And there are some tricks for how to use it effectively when you get stuck. When something goes wrong. First of all, tell them to read the guide. Say I'm doing a course on blah blah blah. I'm on guide number three. Please read guides one, two and three to understand where I am. Make sure you tell it to do that so it knows exactly what you're trying to do. Show them the error that you've got. Paste that in there and get them to go and check. They can run AWS commands. They can run GitHub commands. So you can tell these agents to go and do some research for you. But most importantly, do not trust what they tell you. This is the path to despair. What they tell you needs to be checked. Unless it's unless it really lands with you. Unless it's something obvious. You know, they say, hey, you've spelt us East one wrong, and you're like, oh, so I did then fine, do that. But if it's something where they have a theory, they add on an extra parameter somewhere, you must check it because they do often hallucinate. And they also often they just sort of solve an immediate problem in a, in a very mediocre way. And so check it. Challenge them. Say, have you really thought about x and Y that this doesn't feel right to me? Are you sure? Like B treat it like an eager junior assistant junior coder who has a lot of time on their hands and does tons of internet searching before they come and talk to you. So keep that mental model in mind. Otherwise you can easily get taken off on a side track and it can be very painful. So. So they are hard workers. They are. They need to be validated. And then finally remember I am here for questions. I'm always, always around. I respond quickly, uh, often within hours, unless I'm sleeping or traveling, in which case it's whenever I stop sleeping on traveling, uh, but I respond quickly. As I said at the very beginning, it's going to be much harder than my other courses. I'm usually quite quick to to debug and find problems. It's going to be harder for me this time, and I am going to suggest that you spend more time trying to figure out strategies for debugging, unless I know what the problem is. In which case, of course, I'll tell you right away. Uh, so so I'm going to be probably suggesting some of that and giving you resources. There are also I mean, I think AWS has a paid plan if you want to get like AWS official support. And I'm sure that that those guys could sort out anything. Uh, so you've got other options available for you if you want it. But but I would say this should set you up. And probably more important than any of this, more important than LMS and me and everything else is patience. Oodles of patience. This this is a grind environment setup can can feel, uh, quite, quite irritating. So have have patience when it comes together. It's so satisfying. And that's where we'll be in a few days time. And with that, let's go to the lab. Let's go back to cursor. Let's get started. Let's build ourselves for for today we're going to just build the twin locally. We're not going to do any actual AWS deployment today, but it's going to be all ready for showtime tomorrow. But let's go and do that right now.

@@@END_BATCH
