@@@LECTURE 56 :: Day 5 - Automating AI Infrastructure Deployments with GitHub Actions CI/CD
Today is a fitting conclusion to a huge week. Today is the day that we add icing to the cake. We are going to put GitHub actions in the mix. A way for us to automatically deploy when we do a git push, amongst other things. And that really wraps up this week of kind of core platform engineering, with an AI lens on top of it, to build an AI application and be able to automatically build environments and push them out. And so to launch straight in at first, a very quick recap of what we learned about Terraform, and the best way to give you a refresher on Terraform is to go through the six key terms that we learned about Terraform, starting with the provider. You remember when we had, like the Terraform script, that provider and an open curly. And this is where you give you describe the plugins that you want to use for this Terraform configuration, which is going to be related to AWS or GCP or Azure or whatever variables, which are the the parameters that configure your deployment. Remember the TF files? Um, and I think I don't think I explained this well but but there's like a, there was a terraform.tf vars that was the general ones, the default ones that were used. And then we had one that was called prod. And the place that that was selected was in the deploy script. If you look at the deploy script, you'll see where it says if they're deploying production, then provide this variables file as the alternative. And so that's how we switched in different variables for our different environment and then resources. And this of course is the absolutely key ingredient resources which are each of those resources followed by a curly. And they describe the each of the services that we wanted to set up in AWS, the S3 bucket, the, the, um, each of the Lambda functions, they were all described there as resources with attributes that configured them. And Terraform took care of all business. And then we use state. This is where Terraform Records its version of Reality and state. These needs to match what's really going on. And this is something which is like the private Terraform files that you'll see right now in your directory in your project, which don't typically get checked up into source control. Um, and they, they are terraform's understanding of what's actually going on out there. The output is where you list out the the results that will come from doing a Terraform deploy. That would include things like your CloudFront URL. Uh, and that's an example, your distribution URL. And that's an example of something which when we had a deploy script we ran Terraform. Then we collected the outputs. We used that to find out okay. So tell me now which S3 bucket, where is the S3 bucket that has the front end and what is the CloudFront distribution. And then what is the the API gateway. That's another output. And then be able to to use that to make the various connections between the different parts of our software that we need to make. So that's using outputs. And then finally, the last term that we met is the word workspace, which is the way that you can like set a completely different namespace for everything. It allows you to have all of your state replicated in different universes. And of course, we use that as it's usually used to have a development environment, a test environment, and a production environment called dev test and prod. You can call them whatever you want. And the deploy script was the place that kind of brought it all together. And if in doubt, look through that deploy script again. See the different Terraform commands that were made. We didn't run Terraform commands ourselves very often. The terraform init, terraform apply and terraform destroy are the ones that you would use most often if you ran terraform at the command line, but it's pretty common to wrap it up in a deploy script like that and do it all in a in a script. Okay, that's the quick refresher on Terraform, and it's my great pleasure to introduce you to the final topic, the final area of expertise to build for you this week GitHub actions. So GitHub actions is all about automating deployments using tooling built into GitHub. And you can do other things with it too. But it is mostly about automated deployments and CI CD continuous integration, continuous deployment, the ability to make it so you can do something like GitHub, a git push, and something will get automatically built and deployed to prod. So there are three terms to to talk about here. And the first of them is is actions itself. So GitHub actions it's like a it's a like a platform within GitHub. It's a separate tab on the main nav that we'll click on to go into the actions module. And it's something which allows you to run scripts either automatically or in response to to a user taking an action like this icon of pushing a button, there is almost literally going to be a button we can push. Uh, in order to kick off a script. Workflows are what they call a, uh, something which is like a series of steps that should be triggered by some event. And they are configured using a type of file called a YAML file, which you're probably familiar with, and and YAML files get put in a special directory. It is in a directory called GitHub, in your in your project root and a subdirectory workflows. Anything in there represents a workflow. And the final bit of terminology is jobs. A job. This is something that happens at execution time when when when a workflow is kicked off and is running, a job is run. It's a series of steps that get carried out and it gets carried out on a virtual machine in GitHub land. So in GitHub on the cloud, it launches a virtual machine called the runner and carries out the steps in your the in your job. The steps in your job get run when the workflow is triggered. And it's worth pointing out that GitHub actions can be useful for more than just ci CD. They can do stuff like generate new documentation. When you do a push, it can. It can run something that looks at your repo, generates API docs and puts them there. It can do an AI code review. You can hook up all sorts of things to GitHub actions. It is most commonly used for CI CD, but you can do all sorts of stuff with it. And of course, the corollary of that is also worth pointing out that there are many, many more platforms that do CI CD than GitHub actions. GitHub actions is popular because it's very lightweight, simple, and it's already there built into into GitHub. But I'm sure many of you are familiar with Jenkins. Jenkins is like the OG of this world of CI CD, been around for a long time and it's very, very comprehensive and robust and huge. And I'm sure it's the topic of many courses, uh, much more than four weeks long. GitHub actions much quicker to get started. And we'll be able to to be doing stuff in our lab today. And I wouldn't be doing my job if I didn't show you one more time. Our deployment architecture. You're probably not getting sick of this, so you know it. Well, it doesn't look nearly as confusing as I hope as it looked the first time you saw this. Uh, it's completely clear to you now that we have lambda in the middle of this. we are using serverless functions. This is a serverless architecture as they're known. We're using Lambda for our business logic that gets called every time the user makes it, makes a chat, says something. It hits slash chat here that is connected with an S3 bucket that contains our conversation history. It's just different JSON objects for each Uuid associated with the browser. Uh, and uh, we've, we've got an API gateway set up which is exposing this. We integrated the gateway with our Lambda function. We set up those routes. And we first of all did all of that manually. And then we put it into some resource Terraform code. And it's just magically happening for us. We've got a front end static site in another S3 bucket that's been put on a CloudFront distribution and sent all over the world, a browser, when it's connected, the URL that you put in that browser is CloudFront URL, and so it serves up the static website. But in that static website There is that fetch command which includes. Within that fetch command it is linked to our API gateway. Our deploy script made sure of that. And so when the user does a chat it then calls down here. And our Lambda business logic connects to bedrock. Our API here connects to bedrock to run an LM. And we chose Amazon's Nova Foundation model so that we could we could be all AWS native this week and we get back the result. We put that in the conversation history. We return it to the user and everything comes together. And after going through the traumatic process of building this ourselves through the AWS console, we then move to Terraform. We use Terraform scripts to describe the infrastructure we ran. We wrote a deploy script that calls Terraform, init, and Terraform apply. After setting a workspace to be either dev or test or prod, and as a result of that, the whole infrastructure gets built and it just works.

@@@LECTURE 57 :: Day 5 - Setting Up Git and GitHub Actions for AI Production Deployments
And now here we are, back in Casa again for the last time this week. We are in the twin repo. You're going to miss this repo. It's not yet a repo. It's still just a directory, a cursed project. But very shortly it's going to be a true repo. Open up that week two folder and go to day five. If you don't have this folder, you may be going to the production repo instead. Open a preview of this and let's get at it. So welcome to the final day of week two. Today we're implementing the complete DevOps lifecycle. Uh, so now we're going to be be putting things in git and GitHub. So step one is about destroying the environment destroying dev test and prod. We did already do that. We've done that already. But if you didn't do it for some reason, now would be a good time to do it. We want to bring everything. We want to destroy all of the environment, to make absolutely sure that we're starting from a clean slate. And if you're unsure if you're in a clean slate, then now you should go into the AWS console. I know we dislike the AWS console now, but go in there anyway and just double check. You've got no Lambda, no gateway, no API, no no, no CloudFront distribution and no S3 buckets. And all is good. Okay, then, uh, it also tells you you could do this. This is this is optional. Deleting the Terraform workspaces. We won't be working locally today. Um, and yes, there's the verify clean slate that I mentioned. Okay. Now we're going to create a dot git ignore. We actually already created a dot git ignore there. But this one is now the final one. And so we'll just put this in there and then look at it. Um let me see. So dot git ignore uh paste that in. This is the final things that we want to ignore. Uh, actually it looks like. Yeah. So in my final version I've decided I'm not going to put any, uh, Terraform state files in there. These these are are all the pretty standard things to have. Um, and, uh, we're also, of course, excluding the Lambda deployment zip and package. These are the artifacts of the build process for Lambda. We obviously don't want to put our conversation, our local conversation history. That would be a pain. Make sure that we don't include environment variables. Do you remember I mentioned ages ago that there would be an environment variable we would check in? You might have been like, oh, that'd be uh, well, that would be we're going to make one called env example, which is just a nice best practice that you leave an example file there for, for, uh, future, uh, people that clone your repo. Um, these are the standard things to exclude for, for the front end. We don't want node modules, we don't want to output directory. And then normal Python excludes like virtual environments and then any IDE stuff and any AWS stuff. There we go. So there is a nice dot git ignore for us a good first step towards creating our repo. And actually yes, I should have mentioned, in case it's not obvious that that's what we're doing right now. We're creating an official GitHub repo right now. This is still just a project in that we've not actually ever pushed it to GitHub before. We could set up GitHub actions. We do need it to be a repo on GitHub. All right. Second step is just a nice best practice is to create a env example which will tell other people how they can set up their own env file. So I'm just going to copy this over here. New file dot example. There it is. Paste in that example contents A nice thing to put in your repo. And because of the way we did our dot git ignore because we ignore all dot env dot star except a dot env example, this file will in fact be included in the repo. Okay back here we go. All right. So next up there is a tiny hitch that I need to alert you to. And we've got a little little fix here for it. Uh, so when we initially set up our front end of this, of this, uh, platform, we use that create next app command and by default create next app. When it's setting everything up and configuring everything it does in fact create a GitHub repo for you. So the front end folder is itself a GitHub repo. So we have a repo within our parent folder within the twin folder. And that's confusing because if we create a GitHub repo at the twin level it will have like like what they call like a sub repo. It's going to have a repo within it. And that makes everything very confusing. So we actually want to remove the fact that the front end folder has a repo. And the back end folder should not be a repo, unless at some point you typed out a wrong instruction instead of uv init bare. If you did uv init, then it will also be a repo. So just to be safe, I've got like a command here that removes any repos from front end and back end. Um, and I've got that as a, as a command from for Mac and for PowerShell. We'll do that now just to make sure that we don't have any sub repos. Um, and if you're not entirely following what I'm saying, it doesn't matter that much. Just do this command. Uh, so, uh, the one reason why I say this to you is that this command has within it rm rf something, and any time that you type rm rf, you should have all of your Spidey sense alert. You should be really, really careful. The same goes for this equivalent, uh, command here. This is a this is famously the most dangerous of any possible command line thing you could ever do. Uh, I'm sure someone will have an exception, but that's the most dangerous that I know of. And you can Google it to read plenty of amusing stories of DevOps horrors where someone's managed to bring down their entire company by an improper use of rm rf. So rm rf means delete a folder and all its contents without asking for verification. Just do it. And do that recursively. And so you do have to be careful that what comes after the rm rf is what it's deleting. It's these two things front end and back end. Git and don't don't Mistype this. Make sure you take the whole line. Make sure you're in the twin folder. When you run this. I will not be held responsible. If anyone types RMI, RF and they're in their top level in C colon backslash that whoa that that's that's on you. So do this carefully in the twin directory. RM rf front end back end. And this this thing here is just to make sure that it doesn't, uh, complain if, uh, if it doesn't exist because the back end one won't exist for me anyway. And there we go. Done. Drama over. If that does worry you, then you can get ChatGPT help to actually just specifically go in and look for those dot git files. I think they're hidden by default in curses. You'd have to find them and then delete them manually. Um, but this is the easy way to do it. All right, enough. Let's get on and create a repo. Okay. Next command is the famous git init minus b main. So git init is setting up a new GitHub repo in the directory you're in. And that works by by basically creating a dot git directory. That's how it, how it does it. Um, the minus b main means that we want our main branch to be called main, and that is the common default. It would normally be that way anyway, but some older versions of git use master as the name of the main branch, but it's more common these days to use main as the name of the main branch. So that is what we will do here. So we're running git init minus b main and there we go. Initialized empty git repo in in and it gives us the directory of of the of the git. And uh you can see something that's happened here in cursor is that the colors here reflect the status of different files. The dark gray means it's git ignored. The blue means that these are things that are changed that need to be checked in. That's exciting. Uh, and now here's just a couple of quick configuration things we can say git config user name and then name. Add Donna and put your name obviously. And then uh git config user dot email. And I'll put my, my normal Gmail not. There we go. That one there. Done. Okay. We have got now a local git. There's the PowerShell commands. All right. In uh in a second we're going to to add these and commit them. So just before we run this you can also do git status at any point to get a sense of what's going on. We're on the branch main. There's been no commits. And we've got all of these red things that have not yet been added in any way to our repo. Uh, so now to, to to add them, to stage them for a for commits. You do git add dot and I'm not going to give a git lesson here. There will be this guide. There's links. There's a amazing amazing online book by a guy called BJ that writes the most incredible books. And he's so, so witty and so his manner is so wonderful. And he's got the guide to git that I've only read little bits of it. If you read all of that, you would know a lot more about git than me. So yeah, if you want to, if you want to follow this rabbit hole, then then that is the resource. All right. And now we do a git commit. We're committing commit commit the files that we've staged to be committed minus M is your message. And we will say well I'll just copy and paste this so that you're not standing there while I type. There we go. Done so. And now if I do a git status, it should all appear in fabulous. Oops. Oh yeah. That's right. It's all. It's all being created. So. So we are we are ready to go. Um, okay, let's do this. Next up it's going to be time to create our actual GitHub repo. Let's go and do that.

@@@LECTURE 58 :: Day 5 - Setting Up GitHub Actions for Automated AI Model Deployment
And so here I am in GitHub. I'm on github.com. Donna, you should be not on this, but in your github.com your username. Presumably you have an account with GitHub. If not, create one. And then be there. And here I am. And one thing you'll notice right away is that I do most of my work on Saturdays, uh, which is probably not super healthy. Uh, that's because I have a day job. Uh, so, uh, that's when, uh, when you'll see me most active. Okay. And, uh, I have repositories. Let's go to repositories over here. And, uh, you can see the production one that you hopefully know well. And now I'm going to press the new button. You need to press the new button. So now over here you start with your repo name and I suggest you call it twin. Uh, twin is available. And you give it a description like a digital twin, uh, version of me. Let's call it an AI digital twin version of me. So choose visibility. You can make it public or private. This, of course, is not related to whether your actual twin is public or private. This is whether the code is public or private. I suggest you make it public because you want people to see the work you've done you. And of course, in the assignment, I'm going to be asking you to make this much more rich functionality for yourself. And so you're going to want to show this off. And when you have your digital twin running, remember to tag me and tell me about it so I can come in and talk to it. And I want to be wowed by how much functionality you have. Uh, but we will come to that later. Uh, I make mine private for now. Uh, now, here's the thing. You need to make sure that you have the readme and. Gitignore, and license all off because we've put that we've been building things in our repo, so, so we don't want, uh, this to create stuff or we're going to have like, merging nonsense. So, so if you do this by mistake, it's going to be trouble. So don't do it. Make sure Adeyemi is off. No. Gitignore and no license. And then press create repository. Uh. All right. Uh, and here we are. We are in, uh, the, the our new repository called twin. It is empty. And, uh, it tells you how to create a new repo on the command line, and you'll see that a lot of this is what we've already done. So we're looking in great shape. Uh, and these two commands here is what we're just about to run. Uh, so I might just just copy that right now into my clipboard so that it's, uh, convenient. And let's see now what else I want to show you. Um, I think that's probably it. I think we should go to the command line now and get get this on the road. Get this show on the road, is what I mean. Of course. So now here we are. Uh, we're going to push to GitHub. The first step is to add this repo to is to set the remote for this local repo to be pointing to GitHub in the cloud, to that repo that we just set up in GitHub. So we go git remote add origin. So I'm just typing this this line right here. And actually I'd already pasted this I'd already pasted this command in from the other screen. So just paste it in there. You can see there's actually a different ways that you can refer to a GitHub repo. This way the https, then github.com, then your username which would be Donna for me and then digital twin. Or we can do it this way I press enter. That's done. And now this is the git push command git push u origin main. All right here we go. Bam. Done. All happened. Looks good. Now let's go and check that out in GitHub. Here I am back at GitHub again. It looks much the same as it looked a second ago. Let's just click here on code and look at that. We've got our whole thing in here. We've got the back end, front end scripts. Terraform week two. We didn't need I guess, but but it's there. The env example and. Gitignore. And so our repo is there. And we can go in for example to backend. We can check that in here. We don't have that folder the the the package. And we don't have the zip file. We just have all of our Python code including the, the this this deploy which is about deploying the Lambda package. Um, and similarly in scripts we have our actual deployment script here, which is the one that actually builds the Terraform environment and deploys an environment. And here are our Terraform scripts checked in to source code control. All is looking great. And that brings us to part three. And part three is a little bit of a head scratcher. So so bear with me here. This is the one fiddly part of setting up our GitHub actions. So remember when we're running Terraform locally on our computers. We've got these Terraform state variables that describe the real infrastructure out there. The state is um, in this whole like like TF state folder and it controls, um, Terraform's view of what's actually out there. So we're about to do all of our Terraform script running on GitHub. And that means that GitHub needs to have somewhere where it can maintain all of the, the state to, um, so it needs like a sort of like a, like a shared drive where it can have all of this information. So every time we run it, it's got a permanent record of what the state is. And well, GitHub doesn't, doesn't necessarily come with that easily. And so we need to like make a shared drive. And it happens that we we know how to make shared drives because that's what an S3 bucket is. So we can use an S3 bucket as our way to describe Terraform state. That's very convenient, very easy and very common practice. Um, and so, uh, we could go into the console and futz around with the console to create a new S3 bucket. Uh, but but that we don't like the console anymore, so we might as well actually use Terraform to create the, the, the S3 bucket that we will then be using in GitHub actions, uh, in order to maintain state. So that's a little bit of a muddle there. We're going to run Terraform locally in order to create, uh, something which will be used by our GitHub actions. I hope you followed that. Uh, I think you probably did. Otherwise it's going to become clear when I actually do it. So we're going to temporarily set up a TF file, uh, in order to create this, this S3 bucket and also a DynamoDB, I should say we also need a database table. We're going to create that as well using DynamoDB, which is another AWS component that I'm not going to talk about in any detail, aside from the fact that we're creating this database component for our Terraform state, and we're going to run it. So this is the Terraform resource description. Let me just go through it. This sets up everything that we need in order to have the DynamoDB and the S3 bucket. And we're going to to create something called uh, back end dash setup, uh, which is the S3 bucket and dynamo table for our Terraform state. So, uh, here we go into Terraform. We do new file, we're going to call it backend setup. And you need to have the mental model. This is just temporary. We're going to create this run it and then delete it later when we're done with it. So that's been created. Take a look through and you can see the different things that we're using here. Uh a store and a lock uh, which is something that is going to be basically, uh, reflecting the store and the lock that we have here. Uh, and, um, back we go. Okay. And that's, that's the, uh, that set up the configuration and the next step will be to run it. Okay. So we bring up a terminal in cursor. The first thing we need to do is to go into the terraform directory. Don't forget to do that. Then it's important that we make sure that we're not in a workspace like dev test or prod. So we go to select the default workspace. We run terraform init. The terraform commands are terraform init followed by terraform apply. Now when we do terraform apply normally. If you do terraform apply, it just goes out there and creates everything described in Main.tf or in any of your TF files. We don't want to do that. In this case, we only want to create the specific resources that we listed out in that extra backend setup file. So we're just going to run this command which is only going to run Terraform. Apply for some specific resources. It asks us to type the word yes to absolutely confirm we know what we're doing. Uh, because it would hate to create the wrong resources. It goes out there and it creates it all and it's been done. We have just created a bunch of we've created an S3 bucket and some dynamo tables for locks, which are all set up. So these are like shared resources that GitHub can use for running its actions onwards. And so we can just type Terraform output which displays the outputs, uh, to tell us what happened. And it tells us that we created a DynamoDB table, uh, for our locks. And we created a state bucket name twin terraform state. And these are things that will be used by our, uh, GitHub actions in just a moment. But before we do that, we should remove this temporary Terraform file right here that we only had it there in order to create this, this back end. So we just delete, move to trash. There we go. It's gone. It was only temporary anyway. Okay, it's now time for us to update our scripts to use this new back end.

@@@LECTURE 59 :: Day 5 - Setting Up GitHub Actions for Automated AI Infrastructure Deployment
Okay. So within scripts deployed we've got this line, the Terraform init line that uh that that runs the sets up the, the Terraform status. We need to update this. So, uh, I'm going to, to copy these new lines. This replaces terraform init. Let's put it in there and then say what it does. And PC people you need to do this as well even though you're not going to run this script. Uh, and so I come on in here, let's find where is the Terraform init command. Can you see it? Here it is right here. The script goes into terraform directory and it runs terraform init. I paste this in and this is the new terraform init command. And what are we doing. Well we're just passing in some extra configuration with this command. We're configuring it just to let it know that we've got these special buckets set up for Terraform state files and for the lock files. So it's it's configuring our Terraform init to know about this special shared drive that we set up just for it's purpose Okay. Back here again. Uh, and, uh, we should also update the PowerShell version of it for completeness. Uh, and, uh. Yeah. Uh, Mac, people, you don't need to do this, but you can if you wish to have, like, a complete repo. But. So I'm going to find the terraform init command in the deploy one. Don't confuse, deploy and destroy. Um, and here it is Terraform init. Copy it. Paste in the new version. Save. And that's done. Back to the instructions. We also have to update the destroy scripts as well in the same way. This time I've actually got the entire script to replace. So this is the new destroy file. Copy all of that. There it goes. And copy that into the destroy sh. Select all paste save, and do the same for the windows version. Back to preview. Scroll down. Here it is. Doesn't it look different? Uh. Copy all of this. And there we go. Copy it in the final file to be changed, destroy PowerShell, paste the new version. Save it. And that is a go. Uh, and you can see right here the change. Ha. Okay, so back to the guide. Uh, so we've now we've now updated our scripts so that our deploy scripts are referring to these, these shared drives where we have our Terraform state. It's now time for us to go back to GitHub. And the first thing that we're going to do is going to be about setting up the way that the kind of access that GitHub has to AWS. So it's all part of the biology of working with these cloud providers that there's there's just so much stuff to do. Uh, there's not too much for GitHub actions, but there's still some stuff. And one of them is that remember that you have this whole thing about permissions in AWS, like permissions for IAM user. If Hub is going to have the ability to set up infrastructure running Terraform, then it has to have the right permissions to do this. An IAM role that GitHub actions can use. And so we might have to go in and set up a whole lot of stuff with our, um, with our configuration that set up stuff with AWS. But again, we can use this trick of just writing a temporary piece of Terraform to do it for us and run the Terraform to get around us having to do all this ourselves. So this is a Terraform script to create an IAM role that, that, uh, so that GitHub actions can, can have the powers that it needs. Um, and so I'm not going to talk in a lot of detail about what kinds of actions all these IAM role policies and everything else. And this is the whole list of policies we're giving it. The great thing about these Terraform scripts is that you can trust if this works once it should work nicely. So we're going to go to Terraform directory and set up a temporary file which is called GitHub dash. o DC, the type of authentication, the type of IAM setup that we're doing here. Do that and paste in the infrastructure we want, which contains all of the policies that we need to attach to this user. And now go back to the guide. So we've done all of this. And now we just have to one more time actually run this. Okay. So first of all we bring up a command line. We go to terraform directory. Don't forget to go to terraform directory. We make sure we're in the default workspace. So we're not in dev test or prod. And then we just run this quick command to see whether we already have this particular, uh, policies already set up. In my case I do because I've run this before. And depending on your situation, you probably won't, but you just might do, uh, so do this, this test. If you see an Arn, an AWS resource number like this, then you do have one already. And if that is true, if you do have one already, then we need to import it. So I'm going to do this quickly. I first of all this is just a quick hack to retrieve my AWS account ID, um, which is also in my clipboard. I could have got it from there, but it's nice to have this on hand. So if I echo it, you'll see that that is my account ID. And then this is commented out because you should only run this if you already have the provider. But this is importing that. Uh, and I then have to type in my GitHub repo in the form owner me slash repo twin like that. And it's done imported successfully. Now you won't need to have done that unless you already had one. Okay. Time to apply the resources. So for applying the resources there are two scenarios. One of them scenario A is what is almost certainly applying to you, which is that the Oidc provider did not exist. It's your first time doing this and you just have to run this big apply command here. There's one version for Mac, one version for windows, and the only thing you need to do be careful about is replace this here with your GitHub username and the name of the repo, like slash, uh, or whatever you are using, whatever is your username and your, your, uh, repo name. And this should run nicely. Uh, in my case, it already existed and I imported it. Uh, and so, um, this is what I need to run. I need to run this Terraform apply command right here, which just does the same, but it does not create this provider. Uh, so I'm going to paste in this command, and I'm just going to replace this part here, which is what you should have just done yourself with my name, my, my GitHub name and twin. And that should be it. I run this command. Terraform does its magic. It needs to be to type the word yes. And it's now creating what needs to be created. And it's done. So that has set up the, uh, necessary, um, backend so that GitHub now has permissions to be operating the GitHub actions, to be setting up our infrastructure. And just to confirm that all has gone well, we can now run this Terraform output command like so. And it tells us the name of the Amazon resource which is the the GitHub actions, uh, resource that it's going to be able to use to log in that GitHub actions will be able to use to have the right permissions. And you need to keep note of this because we will use it in just a second. So so I'm going to copy it to my clipboard and hope I don't accidentally copy anything else. Uh, maybe I'll take it, take a note of it somewhere. Um, and then we can remove this GitHub file right here, because this was only a temporary terraform file that we just used to avoid having to go around the various different screens in the AWS console, delete, move to trash. Keep a record of this right here, and I'll see you back in a.

@@@END_BATCH
