@@@LECTURE 72 :: Day 2 - Deploying AI Agents to GCP Cloud Run with Terraform Infrastructure
And welcome to the day two part two point in the week three directory in the cyber repo. I'm going to open the preview of day two, part two, which is when we actually make our Docker container and deploy it. And by the magic that is Terraform, this should be very straightforward. So we'll just bring up a new, uh, terminal. We will check that Terraform is in good shape, but I'm sure it is because we just used it. Uh, we're just going to get the projects list from gcloud. We're going to, uh, make sure that we understand, uh, the which project we're using. Cyber dash analyzer. There is both a project ID and a project name, and the name is like free form text. And the ID has to be unique, and the ID is the one that matters. We'll be using cyber Dash analyzer, which is probably what your one is called. Uh, but if not then then just use use whatever it is called. Uh, okay. So first of all we're going to run something that will just bring the dot env file and make it environment variables. And for this to work, by the way, I should mention you do need to be in the project root directory like that I run this. That's a mac command. There's a PC command in the next cell. And we're also going to set an environment variable called TF for Terraform variable project ID. And what we're going to do is we're going to call this exactly the ID cyber analyzer. Copy that letter for letter. You know there's no room for error with these IDs. There we go. So that's setting that ID. Now my Terraform var project ID is set to Cyber Analyzer. And you can run these checks to make sure they're loaded. But I'm sure they are. And the same for windows. You should run the checks though. Um and then we're going to go into our Terraform directory Terraform and then into GCP this time. Uh, when last time we of course went into the Azure subdirectory. We look over here in Terraform there's a GCP and an Azure directory. Oh and something hung over there from a test I did which we can delete. There we go. That's what you should see just Azure and GCP. Very nice. Uh, okay. So now we're going to do terraform init to set up Terraform. There it is. And then you'll need to run Terraform workspace new GCP. But I've already done that before. So all I need to do is Terraform workspace select GCP. It's done. And now Terraform workspace show because we like being double careful that we're doing everything right. There it is GCP is the workspace. We're in good shape. It's time to authenticate okay. So first of all we're going to log in to gcloud. This is probably not necessary since you've already logged in recently. But we'll just do it just to make sure. In we go allow. And we are authenticated okay. Now we're now going to make sure that we're looking at the project called uh Cyber Analyzer by running this uh, and we actually we already were in Cyber Analyzer, but whatever, we'll we'll run this and that is done. Uh, now what we now want to do is log in using something called the application default credentials, because that is the the simple login which Terraform will be using in order to make changes to GCP. Uh, and again this is quite similar to Azure. And it's just a very much simpler strategy than than AWS where everything has to be very explicit when it comes to to IAM. So this is allowing this application default account to be logged in. Continue. In we go. And what we're now going to be doing. And so these credentials will be used by any library that requests application default credentials ADC which is what Terraform is going to be doing. Uh, you have to tell, uh, Google Cloud that we want to associate this application default account with the quota, uh, with the billing for this project. So a little bit fiddly. Um, but that is saying that, that that is how to associate that, that is basically which billing account Terraform Terraforms actions are going to be associated with. So run that and it says quota project Cyber analyzer was added to ADC. The application default credentials, which can be used by Google client libraries for billing and quota. Uh. And now we run this command so that we can Docker can use these gcloud credentials. So we can push images and we get some message there. And let's just make sure that the application is there we go. We just want to make absolutely sure project is cyber analyzer. There it is. We're in good shape. Everything is authorized properly okay. It's time to run a Terraform command. First let's just look in Terraform folder. You'll see that there is of course an Azure and GCP directory. We are now in GCP land and there is a Main.tf. And the main.tf here is going to look hopefully quite nicely parallel with Azure. And should all be stuff that makes sense to you. Uh, we've got um the, the Google setups. We've got the Docker setup. That's much as before. We've got the Docker image that's built in the same way using the right platform that that is important for Mac people. And this is the cloud run service that's set up. And here are the details of it. It's worth looking at the CPU and the memory. It turns out in fact, and I don't think I mentioned this with the Azure deployment, that the Semgroup MCP server consumes quite a lot of memory and configuring itself. And if you leave it with default resources for cloud run, it doesn't work. There's not enough resources to run the Semgroup MCP server. And that caught me off guard to start with. Uh, so it took me a while to get to the bottom of that, but that's something that's needed here. Um, we're passing in our keys as before. Um, we've got some scaling settings, and then there is some IAM stuff and the, the project ID and region, uh, as, as output, sorry, service URL, project ID and region. Uh, so that is our Terraform setup. And what we can now do is run the plan command so that we can see what will happen when we call Terraform run, Terraform, apply. So here is the Terraform plan command. Uh, and uh this is what we get. So these are the resources that will be created when we run Terraform apply. And uh, it includes everything that we just looked at in that file, including this, this one here, which is, of course, the, the, uh, cloud run itself, the Google cloud run that will be created. So we are all ready to go with Terraform apply command. Okay. Here we go. Copy this. Terraform apply copy. Come here. Paste. And now we have to do the, uh the famous typing. Yes. And off it goes to create infrastructure on Google Cloud. We're hoping for a nice smooth run. Docker image is creating like before. I will, uh, stay glued to the screen, but I will spare you. Me? Uh yabbering away for a few minutes. I will see you in a second.

@@@LECTURE 73 :: Day 2 - Deploying AI Agents Across GCP and Azure with Container Services
Well, here we are. It seems to have run completed successfully. We've got a service URL, which I will, uh, I guess I can just control. Click on it again and open and up it comes. And we are looking at our cyber security analyst. It is running on the cloud but this time it's at Cyber Analyzer blah blah blah dot dot dot. By comparison this one where is it now? Over here is uh, on the Azure container apps, a different URL. Uh, all right. Open Python file. We will uh open air.py and we'll press the analyze code button. And presumably now somewhere in for me your central one, somewhere a Google data center is spinning up. Uh, Cloud run is being launched, which means that that our container that we deployed is, is, is warming up. It's going to spawn an MCP server. Its large enough size that it can run the MCP server, and it's now you know only too well that MCP server is connecting to Semgroup, and it's running our analysis for us for this file. I realized I'm not going to be able to keep it going, but at this time to take you through the time it will take to come up with the results. So I'm going to, uh, I'm still hoping it's going to finish, but it's not. I will be back in one second with the results. Ah, I knew that was going to happen. I should have waited. The second I pressed the stop button, the results came. That's how long it took. Uh, anyway, here are the results. Sure enough, uh, analyzed the Python code. Same grep found for issues, and I identified one extra issue. It says. And here they are the same two highs. There should be a critical. There it is the eval uh, and uh the input validation is the medium one that it probably added in. So there we have it. This is the result of our application, our simple cyber security analyst with an MCP. Server an agent framework deployed now to GCP. You're seeing it here running on GCP with cloud run. And over here we see the same thing. The same thing. It was almost hard to see that I'd changed tabs. But this of course is completely different in that it's running on Azure. Uh also spawning an MCP server using Azure Container apps instead of GCP Cloud Run. And this is it running in a Docker container locally on my box. And this is it running just as a front end and a back end locally on my box for different deployments. One browser. And actually I still have open the traces from before. Let's go over here to traces since we have it right here. Uh, and let's go back to traces. And we should see a new trace has come right up here. Uh, we will go into this, uh, and we can see the security researcher has run the Semgroup scan was right here and presumably we'll see an output there. We have it. And that then resulted in a response coming back from our agent. And this, of course has the answers right there. Uh, so this shows us, again, using the observability platform traces built within OpenAI, uh, to examine the behavior of our agent and look at the actual MCP call itself. And so this is a very important practice to come and do this. But in addition to this we can also go into the GCP console and see what happened according to GCP. Let's go do that. So here we are in the home screen of going to Console.cloud.google.com. And we pick Cyber Analyzer over here. And we can type Cloud run uh to go straight to the cloud run section. That's very similar to to the other two. Uh thank you for that. Uh, here it comes. And you can see that we do have something in here called Cyber Analyzer. This was created by Terraform. We can come into this container and we are now looking at the cyber analyzer cloud run. Uh, we can see that's when I just called it. Um, we can go into its logs and presumably we'll see. Uh, here we go. The same sort of semgroup reports that we saw running from, um, uh, when we ran it in a Docker container locally and also on Azure. And now here on GCP, these are the logs coming from our MCP server, from our agent. Uh, you can see MCP server appearing here in the uh, in the trace. Uh, so this is how you quickly get to logs in Cloud Run. And again logging is a whole big deal in GCP. There's there's a lot of detail we could go to. But the quickest way just as with Azure is to start at Cloud Run. Come in and click on the logs just there. We'll go back to metrics just to see the overall reports here on on on what it's done and how much memory it used up. It actually didn't use that much. But but so maybe I didn't need such a such a big container. But certainly the default wasn't big enough. Uh, so there we have it that is showing the logs in GCP. So we've looked at the observability, the traces in open AI. And we've looked at the logs in GCP. And so back to cursor. You know what's next. We next destroy that so that we don't leave resources running. Here is the terraform destroy command. Copy that. Paste that in and let it do its thing. It's going to ask me to type. Yes. Again. And, uh, here we go. Yes. And it's going to go off now and destroy our infrastructure. And I won't try and talk it through. I'll be quick this time. I'll see you in a second. It's. Ha ha ha ha. I can't win with this, can I? Uh, it's already destroyed. The the infrastructure is destroyed. So we can now go back into the GCP console and search and make sure that nothing remains. So here I am at the Google Cloud homepage, the console home page. Uh, you can see that the cyber analyzer project is selected on the top left. I always have to do that. Uh, I noticed that one of the helpful resources it prompts me for is compare with AWS and Azure. So that's nice that it shows up there. Maybe you see that too, although I'm sure you can search for it. That might be a useful document to have to hand, uh, to compare the three of them. I also, I should point out there's there's lots of great stuff here, but there's, uh, there's a dashboard screen under cloud overview that gives you a nice kind of one sense of one, one, one look at what's going on, uh, in your project. Anyway, we're coming in here because we're going to go to Cloud Run. We want to come back to Cloud Run where we were before, and there's not a whole lot to see here, as we would hope. Nothing going on here. The the cyber analyzer cloud run that used to be here has gone. It's been destroyed. We are pleased to see that there is no news at all. And of course, we should finish by going back to billing. Always important to go back to billing to see what's going on here. Um, and check out, uh, the, the overview. See anything that's being spent, look through things like budgets and alerts, the cost table, anything else that you want to look through to make sure that nothing is spending that you're not expecting and that everything is healthy. And that then would conclude our voyage into GCP. It was it was particularly easy. And I just want to emphasize one more time that the reason it was particularly easy is because Terraform did the heavy lifting for us. And now that you know what's involved in setting everything up through the console, you have some appreciation for that. The other reason it was easy, of course, is that we picked Cloud Run the the Docker container based deployment. And that is the very simplest type of deployment, and it's often a kind of no nonsense. Quickly, let's build something, make sure it works, and then let's deploy it to production using container apps. Cloud run. That's the best way to do it. And actually, that brings up a good point. I shouldn't I shouldn't say it's the best way. That's obviously oversimplifying. It's it's a very, uh, a very quick and efficient way, uh, particularly if you're already working with a Docker container to deploy something quickly to an environment like test or production. The cloud run and Container apps and App Runner on AWS are definitely the go to in that scenario. But there are easier approaches, even easier than that, because there is the platform as a service approach. There's there's there's vessel for for a starter. And then if you're using one of the main providers, then there are, uh, there's Beanstalk and App Service and Google App Engine, which are the fastest to get something deployed. They are the platform as a service. Um, but you have less flexibility. You don't get to sort of build and configure your own app. And I imagine that with things like MCP servers, Vercel has, has like a template Pre-baked with that. But if you're trying to do something on your own that's slightly off, off the ordinary, then then it suddenly becomes much, much harder and you would crave the flexibility that you get with a container as a service like Google Cloud Run. But if you wanted to have even more flexibility, if you wanted to deploy all of your assets separately using something like CloudFront so that it's there located all over the world, and if you wanted to be able to have something like API gateway, where you have security around the use of APIs and rate limiting and so on, then you need to be more thoughtful about your deployment and a deployment architecture like we use last week, which was more of a it was a serverless architecture, but we made use of multiple components in AWS. That is more what you want. So there's no easy answer. There's a continuum from very simple the platform as a service to container as a service through to deploying a serverless architecture and then a server architecture, and then a container orchestration, perhaps the most complex. There's that whole continuum, and which one you pick does depend on your particular requirements. In our case, it really felt like we hit the sweet spot with container apps because we were able to build a Docker container once and deploy it to Azure and GCP in just a matter of minutes. And I think that was terrific. And on that positive note, that brings us to the end of day two of week three, days one and two of week three with their own little separate project, the cyber project that's now done. No more GCP, no more Azure. We're going back to AWS. And we're also going all purple. The rest of this week is AI stuff. It's going to be SageMaker. It's going to be vectors. It's going to be data ingest using MCP servers. Lots to do. Get ready for purple. Get plenty of sleep. Tomorrow we embark on day three.

@@@LECTURE 74 :: Day 3 - Building ALEX: Multi-Agent Financial AI System on AWS Infrastructure
Well, this is a big moment in the course, and I want to I want to welcome you and get you excited about what is to come. It feels like it's just any old day. It's week three. Day three. It doesn't sound like it's a major exciting moment, but it is for a few reasons. One is that we are returning to AWS. One is that we are starting back with purple again. We are going back to AI related activities, and one is that we are about to embark on the beginnings of the capstone project, which will take us through most of the next week and a half of activity. And it is called Alex. Now, the observant amongst you already were expecting something called Alex, because you probably saw it in some of the resources. When we were looking through some of the console screens, you knew that I'd been working on this thing, and now you're eager to find out what it is. So Alex slightly forced acronym as they sometimes are. It's a financial planner. Alex is going to be a commercial platform which is able to be, uh, a retirement advisor, a financial planning advisor through a genetic AI. So it is it stands for it's an acronym. It stands for the Agentic Learning Equities explainer, the X in explainer being Alex. So it's a bit forced. But Alex I thought was a good name for it. And the idea is that it is a SaaS commercial application that we will build that is ready for scale, that is deployed to production. It's going to act as a financial advisor. It's going to be able to review an equity portfolio, assess it for things like how how diverse is your portfolio, how much are you thinking about the future? How are you planning for retirement? And it will make recommendations. Um, the first step that we're all about to go through now is about getting you set up. It's going to be cloning a new repo. We're going to be cloning a repo. A lot of the code is going to be baked already for you, because this course is not so much about building the code. Although of course, again, we'll review it. It's more about deploying the code. And for what we're going to do today, we're going to be doing some investigation on how the code looks. And we're going to be setting up permissions. Uh, and first, before we do any of that, we are, of course, going to be looking at our costs to make sure everything is as we expected. So let's go and do that now. And welcome back to the AWS console. Did you miss it? Here it is I'm signed in. Of course it's my root user which you should do because we do that when we're looking at costs and and IAM stuff. You'll see that I'm here logged in where it has my name as my root user. And the first thing we'll do is go to billing and cost management, billing and cost management, something that you should do a lot and come in here make sure. No doubt you see that I've had my, uh, big month last month and now I'm spending rather less this month. You should look at your costs. Make sure they're what you expect. If you've got any anomalies, you should look at them and make sure you're happy with them and do this regularly. And this might be a good time for me to remind you to go back in and have a look at the same kind of thing that we saw in Azure and in GCP to make sure that you're not spending anything anymore. Everything is closed down. You're not even consuming your free credits. Unless of course, you decided to keep things running. Uh, so a good chance to do all of that. When you're done with that, it's time for us to switch over to look at our new repo for this week. And actually, the best way to show you the repo is to start by going back to the production repo. If you remember that the one where it all began, uh, and we're in week three, so we should look in the week three. There is a readme, and if we open the preview you'll see that this is for days one and two. Go to the cyber repo which is what we did. And now we're on day three. Please move over to the repo. So from our projects directory there's something to get clone. So we first bring up a new terminal window. We're inside the production directory so we want to go up one. Now we're inside the projects directory which has production amongst the others. And you now run this git clone command right here. And I'm not going to run it because I've already git cloned. Of course, it's already in the folder called Alex. If I do myself a CD Alex as you can do, and I have a look, there is some stuff for Alex. And now within cursor I'm going to go to file and New window and I'm going to select Alex. You can press Open Project. We can do that right now. Open project go into production. Sorry no go into projects. And then there's projects and then into Alex. There's Alex and then press open and it opens Alex. We'll make that a bit bigger. And let's talk through the repo that we're looking at here. So, look, I'm not gonna lie, there's a lot going on in the repo, and that's why we're going to spend a week and a half on it. So you're going to have plenty of time to get super familiar with this. So don't worry if it seems a little bit overwhelming at first. It's nicely organized, nicely structured. And we will definitely we will dig in. So I just want to start by telling you about the top level folder structure and a little bit about what's there, and then something about what's not there as well, just so that it's very clear to you. So at the top level you'll see that we have a folder called backend, which is going to contain all of the backend code, a folder called frontend. Shockingly, with front end code guides is where we will spend a lot of our time. This is where all of the recipes are for doing all the deployment we're going to be doing. The code is mostly already written. Terraform is a directory which contains within it a number of subdirectories. Each one is a different, Front, uh, Terraform setup that will go through in a second. Uh, and then we have a number of, uh, of other files that will become important later on. So let's just quickly look at two of these back end and Terraform to talk a bit more about what's involved. So the back end folder quite simply contains subdirectories for each of the different back end components that we'll be building. And many of these will map either to a Lambda function or a app runner. If you remember that app runner is what we did in the first week with our healthcare app. And similar to what we did with GCP and Azure, uh, whilst the Lambda function is serverless, architecture is what we did in the second week with the twin. So there are a bunch of these, each one of these directories, not all of them, but most of them are themselves like uh, their own UV project with their own pyproject.toml or in Python version, their own virtual environment, a whole setup with a bunch of Python files in most of these subdirectories, each one like a little independent project in its own right that is backend. And then I also wanted to talk a bit about Terraform. Terraform contains our different Terraform deployments. And the way I've structured it is I've actually broken it down into separate directories. And in each directory we'll be doing a separate Terraform init to set up its own terraform state within that directory. And that is a fairly common practice. It's quite common to do it this way. If you have multiple components in a in a component architecture, you might deploy each one with a separate Terraform kind of deployment in its own. You can also just do them all in one. But in our case, because we want to be able to step methodically through this process, I wanted to deploy each one independently of the other, and that's why everything is set up as an independent deployment, not as kind of one massive deployment that builds all of Alex in one script, but you can merge it that way should you wish you could create one big, uh, Alex Terraform if you wanted to? So you'll see within each one, like within this, this one SageMaker that we'll be doing today. If you open it up, you'll see that there is uh, the private the dot terraform folder. You'll see there is a main.tf with the definition of the terraform deployment and outputs. And some of them have have variables as well. So each one a separate Terraform deployment. And in all there are a bunch of them all in the Terraform directory. And then the other directory that we're going to live in really is guides. Guides has the kind of recipes for everything that we're going to do. There's a guides one through to five right here. And you will probably have a bunch more guides, uh, by the time I'm through with this. Uh, so it's not on some days we're going to do multiple guides on the same day. Like today, we're planning to do guides one and two. Uh, some days will just be devoted to a single guide. Each guide may map to a separate terraform directory. You can see that guy number two on SageMaker maps to the two SageMaker Terraform directory. Because as we're going through that guide, we'll be installing that infrastructure while we go. So you will see that nice tie in in, in both directories. Uh, and uh, so that's, that's the structure of the repo. Uh, and now let me finish with a couple of things that, that are there and are not there. So one of the things that is here that may interest you, that you might have seen from, from some of the others as well, is the existence of these dot clawed files and a few other hints that I have been using clawed code for a lot of this, and that's something which I personally addicted to clawed code. I don't know if you've tried it or not, it's certainly not something that is required for this course, but if you have it and if you have a subscription, it can be incredibly helpful, as can the agents that are built in to cursor. Um, but what I tend to do is heavily use files to help me, and so that it can be used for either Claude code or for cursors agents. I've made a file in guides called gameplan that really lists out in in a in a way that will make most sense to a model, what's going on in this whole project and what what what plan of attack we have for building this infrastructure. And what I do whenever I start Claude code is I begin. So if I, if I show you, you're probably familiar with this, but for those that don't know, you start Claude code by typing. Claude, if you've installed it, uh, and it says welcome. And then I'll say something like, please start by reading the file gameplan.md in the directory guides and let me know when you're ready. And when I do this, this means that, uh, that Claude is now going to educate itself on everything about what's going on. And what I'll then do is tell it to read. Uh, and it's talking about something which is an error that's now fixed, which was the last time I had it work on this. Uh, what it's going to do is it's going to read that whole game plan and be fully briefed on everything about this project, and you can then tell it to read a specific guide, and it will then be briefed on that guide in particular. So when you have problems with the infrastructure, then that's the way I recommend approaching it. And you can do exactly the same with the cursor agent. Tell it to read game plan, tell it to read the guide, and once it's read the game plan, it will understand the repo structure. It will know about how we're approaching this and our objectives of the project, and it will be able to help you immediately with any problem. And that leads me to to to the other thing, which is that you are going to have problems with this. Uh, I built all of this, and then I went back a second time to install it, and already I had problems because things had changed. It turns out that the the model I used the first time around has some problem in bedrock at the moment. That means that it's throwing some some error. That turns out to be a bedrock temporary problem, a known problem. Uh, and it took me it took me several hours to figure out that's what it was and to find a workaround. So this stuff is hard, and there are a lot of moving parts out there. There's a lot of variables like what region you're in and lots of other factors that might affect what happens when you do this. So you are going to have problems. But that's a good thing. That's that's where you will learn. You'll learn by tracking down the problems, by figuring out what they are and by solving them. And Claude code can help. I'm going to say one more time. I know I've said it several times that you shouldn't trust Claude code. It will often jump to a conclusions. I've got stuff in the game plan telling it not to jump to conclusions, but it still does. It often repeats the same mistake. It can be pretty frustrating, but as a net it is very much a value add. There is no question that I'm able to to work more productively hand in hand with Claude code, but I check everything carefully as we go. So, so that's that's an instruction for you. Finally, I wanted to mention something that's not here. I have not built Alex to have different environments like development, test and production. There is only one environment and it is our test or production environment, which is going to be building and deploying straight to production. And I'm also not using GitHub actions. The reason is because I just wanted to keep things simple and focus on a multi-agent production deployment. But now that you've got those skills from week two, you absolutely can incorporate that in this and it's a great step to make. Just remember I'm storing terraform state locally and you'll want to move that to be deployed in in AWS on an S3 bucket, just as we did in week two. But if you would like to do this with multiple environments and have it deployed through GitHub actions, then you should absolutely do that as we go. But I'm going to keep it simple for now. And we're just going to be using, uh, the one environment, no GitHub actions and deploying direct.

@@@LECTURE 75 :: Day 3 - Setting Up AWS Permissions and SageMaker for Production AI Agents
Okay, so let's get started. We're here in the Alex project. I'm going to go into the guides folder. And the first guide is called permissions. Uh and I'm going to right click and do open preview. And you know well that we often start with looking at permissions. So uh, this begins with a quick introduction about Project Alex, the Genetic Learning Equities explainer, an AI powered personal financial planner. And it tells you a little bit more about what I have in store for you, which I will talk more about in a minute, but, but, uh, or during the course of the next few days. But it's about understanding your portfolios, planning for retirement and so on. There's then an architecture diagram, and I want you to look the other way for this, because I am going to talk through the architecture. And we'll do that once we've got our permissions set up. You can take a quick peek while you go through it if you wish. Uh, but the first thing we're going to do is set up all the permissions that we're going to need in order to carry out this master plan. So, um, this also explains again about the infrastructure management, the fact that we're doing multiple Terraform deployments with separate directories for each piece. And it explains some of the pros and cons of doing it that way. And it says make sure you've got an AWS account. Of course you do with with root access because this is the one of the times when we use root access is to set up permissions, make sure your CLI is installed and you are you're ready to go, but I'm sure you are since we've got to this point. Oh yes. I also mentioned here that that uh, I've got this architecture diagram and there's a few other places where we have them. These are a type of diagram called a mermaid diagram. And this might not have appeared nicely for you, in which case you need to install an extension in cursor. Uh, and you need to install the extension that's written here, the markdown mermaid extension. You probably know this, but to install an extension, it's command shift X on a mac or control shift X on a PC, and it brings up the extension screen over here and you pick the mermaid one. Let me just do this. Now, if I do this now, uh, and I type mermaid, we'll see the one I have installed. It's, uh, this one right here, this markdown preview. Uh, mermaid one here. I have that installed, and that's the one that means that I can see mermaid diagrams. So remember to do that and then command shift E or control shift E brings back the File explorer. Okay. So with that it's time for us to go to the, uh, the the console sign in, go in as a root user and I will see you there. So here I am in the AWS console. And you can see I'm signed in there as my root user. So what are the instructions in the AWS console. Navigate to IAM and click policies. Create a new policy and paste in this content as a new policy. And then save it as Alex S3 vectors access. So this is a bit of a pro move. And this is because we're going to be using this way of storing data as vectors, which is called S3 vectors and which is relatively new. It's a fairly new feature in Amazon and AWS, which means that there aren't these kind of pre-baked policies for it, which is why we have to do this in this slightly hokey way. So let me show you this. We're going in here. We go to IAM. There it is. We come in here, we go to policies in the left. And you can see I've already set this one up, I believe. So if I scroll down, you can see I've already got it. Alex S3 vectors access. But you'll be pressing create policy to create this. And when you're in there, just as it says in the instructions, you'll come in and and and attach your JSON and it's going to look just like this. I can just press the JSON button there to see it. Uh, and it's allowing S3 vectors. So follow those instructions and save it as it's described here, to create your policy called Alex S3 vectors, which is access, which is going to give Alex the ability to be using the new S3 vectors from AWS. All right. And then the next step is we're going to create a new group. We did this before. So hopefully it's a little bit familiar to you. We're going to go to user groups create a group call it Alex Access and add in these guys SageMaker bedrock CloudWatch events Full Access. And then we're also going to have Alex S3 vectors access, which is the thing we just set up. So those four. So have a look at them. So if I go back here again we're going to user groups. Now you're going to press create group. But you can see I've already got Alex access in here. And the way it shows for me because I've already set it up. There's two tabs Permissions and users permissions is showing that I've got those those things I mentioned. There are some other policies in here too, which you may need to add later as we go. So if you want to give yourself a shortcut, then take a quick screen grab of this and add all of these, not just the four that are on the in the instructions, but all the ones only for the future. That's a pro tip that will save you some time later, but you'll see in here are the ones that were just mentioned SageMaker, which is we're going to be using today CloudWatch full events. Uh, and uh, yeah. The, the uh, the others uh, should be here and also the one that we just created. There it is. Sorry, Alex S3 vectors access the custom policy that we just created. So set up this and then make sure that you attach it to the user AI engineer just as it says. And then when you come back into it to look at it by going to user groups, you should see it set up just like mine is here. And then that is the setting up the the new group for Alex. Okay, so hopefully you followed the instructions here to create your Alex Access group and to make sure that it's associated with your IAM user AI engineer. And with that, you should now sign out please, as the root user in the AWS console. You shouldn't stick stick around with that kind of permission and sign back in as AI engineer. Okay? Now let's just check that everything is what we expect at the command line. So bring up a new terminal in cursor, and first run this command to check who is logged in. If this doesn't say what we expect then you should run AWS configure to sign in. But in my case it does. That's my user ID apparently my account number that I do recognize because we've done use it a million times, and the Arn, the AWS resource number of my user AI engineer. There it is. Next up we're going to run this command AWS SageMaker list endpoints. And you'd be forgiven for saying I don't want SageMaker is yet. Why am I calling it? But don't fear, we're just doing this to check that we can access it. Permissions are good, I can see it and I have no end points. We will be building endpoints. Well, an end point uh, and I will explain what SageMaker is in just a second. All right. But first some project setup stuff okay. So we're going to set up an environment file a env file. So from the uh Alex root directory I'd like you to copy an existing file called env example and make it your env file. Now you can either do this at the command line or you can just right click and copy and paste in the file explorer on the left there. But I'll do copy dot EMV dot example to be just dot env. And I'm sure you know the joke by now, but it has to be called exactly env nothing more, nothing less. Otherwise it won't work. Uh, then get your AWS account ID if you don't already know it off by heart. By this point in the course there is my ID. I copy that to the clipboard and edit the EMV file, which is just a template EMV file. These are all of the things we'll be filling in over the course of the next week and a half. We start by pasting in the account ID. There it is. That's mine. You should put in yours, not mine, but yours. And, uh, then also the default region. This is a good moment. Mine is US East one. You should pick the region that makes most sense for you. That will be the default, uh, for for setting up the infrastructure that we use. And with that, we will be we'll be adding more to this as we go through. It's worth mentioning right now something a bit confusing that there are two different places where environment variables are going to go, uh, which which is because we have a reasonably complex infrastructure here. The EMV file is what we will use for our local secrets that we'll be using in some of our Python scripts and services. There's also Terraform variables, terraform.tf vars which are used for Terraform infrastructure, and they're all get ignored so that we don't accidentally check them in. But we will be updating some things twice now. It's common in real projects to to to write yourself some scripts that will just automatically copy variables like this across, so you don't have to put them in two places. But I just figured doing something like that is itself error prone. And I want to just take things simple, as simple as possible. So even though occasionally we're going to have to put the same information into two different files, I would rather do it that way to be clean and simple. And so it's clear what goes where. And if things don't work, you know where to go. Uh, so that then does conclude the, uh, the first, uh, of our of our labs for this project. But it's only the preliminaries. We do have another lab for today, which is the big lab about SageMaker. And it's time for me to explain what SageMaker actually is.

@@@END_BATCH
