@@@LECTURE 84 :: Day 5 - Building AI Research Agents with Bedrock and OpenAI SDK on AWS
And we're back in cursor and we're back in Project Alex. And we're going into the guides folder, and we're going to the fourth guide to get this show on the road. So before starting make sure we've done guides 1 to 3. We certainly have. And what we're doing today is we're going to be building the Researcher service, an app runner app that is going to use OpenAI agents SDK to orchestrate agents. It's going to use AWS bedrock, and we're going to be using an MCP server, a playwright MCP server to search the internet for a given topic. And we will then ingest that topic. We will convert it to a vector, store it in S3 vectors using our ingest service. Uh, that is what I have in store for you. But first we have to request access to the right bedrock models. Remember when we did this before? We're going to do it again to get some new models. And here's the thing. So the model that we're going to use is going to be exciting. It's going to be the new ish open source model from OpenAI called OSS 120, but there's a few catches with this. One of them is that that model, at least as of today, is only available on US West two, a particular region. So we're going to have to set it up in that region to have access to it. But there is a second catch, which is a slightly more tiresome one, which is that I had this whole thing working two weeks ago beautifully. But just in the last few days, there's been a bug introduced in bedrock. That means that it won't work with this model. Uh, it doesn't allow tool calling on the OSS 120 model, which is very tiresome. Now, I'm rather hoping that by the time you take this, that will have been fixed and the code will show OSS 120 B, so I'm still going to show you how to set it up. But for now, for when I show it to you, I'm going to be using the Nova model because that one is working. And I'll have code which allows us to switch between the two so you can pick whichever one works best. And of course, you've already requested access to Nova in the twin weeks, so you already have that one set up anyway. All right. But for now, we're going to go back to the AWS console. I'm going to go in as root, and we're going to go and request access to the this model OSS 120. And I'll also show you the Nova model as well, which I'll keep in in US East one for me. Uh, but and you should keep that in your region. Let's let's go right now to the AWS console as root. And here I am signed in to the AWS console. And you can check out that I'm in there as root. And since you're in those root this would be another one of those moments to why not go and check out the cost and the billing and cost management to make sure your budget is just as you expect it. But we won't do that again now because I've done that enough. Instead, we will go to bedrock. Let's go straight to bedrock. Here it is Amazon bedrock. And the first thing I want to show you, you can see up there it's already showing the region is us East. Let's change the region to be US West two, which is where the largest number of models are available. I do believe here they are. So this is showing all of the models. It's even mentioning to us that that, uh, GPT OS one, TB and TB are available in Amazon bedrock. It's not mentioning that there are these problems with it right now. Uh, but, uh, there we go. Hopefully they'll they'll have gone, as I say. So put this to to Oregon to us West two, come down here to model access on the bottom left. Click here. And then you press Modify Model Access. And these checkboxes appear here. And this is where you can scroll down and find somewhere down here OpenAI OS 120 b. And you might as well request access to 20 B as well. Request access by ticking both of those boxes, and then you would press the button on the bottom right I believe there it is next. And then you would you would request that. And in my experience, the OS model was was approved almost instantly. And at the same time, just in case you skipped this before, go to your region, which for me is US East one and make sure you press Modify Model Access. Find the Amazon models. Here they are. Nova Pro, light and Micro. Make sure these three are checked unless it already says Access granted. Then check those boxes. Go back down to the bottom and next and request that access. And that should definitely be instant. And at the end of that you will now have access to Amazon's Nova models in US East one. Hopefully you don't need them. And also the OSS one, A-20b and A-20b open source models available in US West two. And when you have that access, I will give you a second to do that and then we will reconvene. All right. So hopefully now the proud owner of Approved Model Access don't let the power go to your head. So some quick notes about this. Uh, the OSS models only available at least as of now in US West two. Your app runner service can be in any region. Mine will be in US East one and it will connect across US West two. That is not a problem. And if you're using the the Nova models in the same region, that's great too. Uh, this is not the same as as as like GPT models. These are these are free open source and bedrock handles the key. Okay. Next up we're going to make a quick change to the dot env file. The dot env file already has the API endpoint and the API key that we set back. In part three we're going to add in the OpenAI API key your own OpenAI API key uh, which which you should take from another env file that you have somewhere and put it in here. Replace the src dot dot dot with your true OpenAI API key. And you might be wondering why on earth do we need to do that? We're going through bedrock. Bedrock already handles this sort of key stuff. Well. The reason is because we're still going to be we're going to be using the OpenAI agents SDK in order to connect to bedrock, because we want to use that agent power. Uh, and OpenAI agents SDK comes with that tracing functionality, you remember out of the box. But to be able to see those traces in the platform, you do have to have a key set. I don't believe you need to spend any money at all, you can have zero balance. But in order to be able to log in and see your traces, you need to have your OpenAI API key set. And so that's the only reason we're doing it. No, no money will be spent. It's only there to allow us to trace. So with that we are ready to start building our Terraform infrastructure. Okay. And the first step is let's open a terminal window. We're going to navigate to the Terraform for researcher directory. So Terraform for researcher okay. And now in this directory there's going to be this Terraform.tf example I can show you this here too. Let's go into the Terraform directory into four. And you'll see that there is this Terraform.tf example. And I also already have this file that you will not yet have. And when you run this copy command, it's going to copy the example file into your TF vars okay. And into this file you are going to set these five fields here. So first of all you're going to set your AWS region. This is not yet your bedrock the one you're using for OSS. We will come back to that. We're going to code that somewhere specifically. This is just your default AWS region that you use. Next up your OpenAI API key. You just put that in your env file. You need to put it here as well. Next up your API endpoint and your API key. Take them from the env file and put them in here in this format. In this Terraform format with quotes with with exactly as it is here. And then finally the last one here. Leave it as it already is in the file scheduler enabled equals false. This is where we're going to to build infrastructure to wake up every two hours and kick this process off. But we're going to start with it off, and we're going to turn it on at the end and see it in all its glory. All right. So go ahead and do all of that and I will do it with mine. And I'll see you in a second.

@@@LECTURE 85 :: Day 5 - Deploying AI Research Agents with Docker, ECR, and App Runner
Okay. It's our moment. Terraform init. Remember, that's how it always starts. Terraform init. And it's done. It will take a little bit longer for you. The first time to set up the project. Okay. So this is a bit confusing. We're going to do something different now and Terraform is going to complain about it. We have to do things in a certain order. We're going to be building a Docker image of our app runner service of our researcher. And we're going to want to deploy that to ECR to the Elastic Container Registry. If you remember that it's like swapped out somewhere in your mind from week one. If you remember ECR, we're going to be doing that again. Uh, but before we can do that we need to have created the repository. And this is a bit of a chicken and egg situation. We can't run our Terraform code to create everything because we don't yet have a container, and we can't yet create the container because we haven't set up ECR. So there's various solutions for this, but this is the simplest one we can ask. We can do a terraform apply, but only for two pieces of our building block in Terraform, just for the ECR, the repository and the permissions. So if I just go now to the Terraform code itself so that this will be a little bit more meaningful if I take you through this quickly, this Terraform code, it contains the usual providers. Then it's got something to set up the ECR repository. That's what we need. We're going to run that right now. Uh, but ahead of time we're going to run the IAM stuff that we need. Uh, and then uh, more IAM stuff, uh, all this fun IAM stuff. And then this is the actual app runner service called researcher. And we're going to do that later only after we've actually deployed our container to ECR. Uh, and then some more IAM stuff. And this is now the scheduling part that we'll come to later. So some scheduling stuff, some more stuff, IAM stuff for that and a little bit more scheduling stuff and that is it. So with all of that background, I think you now know what's going on. We're going to begin with this Terraform apply, which is only going to deploy as it says, the ECR repository and IAM roles. Let's run this and see what happens. It's going to do the planning and ask me to say yes. I'll say yes. And it's now going to go and create all this stuff and it's done. Success. We have created our ECR and you can see if you look here that it's it's giving a warning. Applied changes may be incomplete. This plan was created with a minus target option. Uh this is suitable not suitable for routine use. It's very cross with us. But we did have a rationale. There was a method to our madness. Uh, we did it because we only wanted to partially create the infrastructure. So that now we can build and deploy the researcher. Okay, so before we do this, let's go and look at the code. It is in backend and it's in researcher. And it's right coming up right here in this directory, and there's a fair bit going on. There is, of course a Dockerfile to build a Docker container. There's MCP servers, there's context and then there's server Pi. And then there's also a deploy script. And there's a couple of test scripts too. I will just give you a quick tour of them now. So you're probably familiar now with the way that I like to do these things that I've got a context Pi and an MCP Pi, the two modules where I separate out the context that will be telling our agent and the MCP servers. Let's just quickly look at each of these just to get a sense for it. But I'll let you review this in your own time as well. This context Pi is where I separated out the templates, the text that we'll be using. And this has get agent instructions. It's going to respond with the uh with what we would want to brief our agent with basically the system prompt, uh, and it informs it what its role it gives it the critical instructions. Three steps. Do some research on the web, uh, navigating to a source and using browser snapshot to read the content. Number two brief analysis and number three saving it to the database using the tool. Ingest financial document. And I make sure to pass in the date so that it absolutely knows what the current date is. And it sticks to that date. And then, uh, yeah, there's lots of stuff here about being quick and brief. Uh, and uh, there is, uh, the research prompt that is passed in. So this is where we're putting the system message, the instructions and the user prompt in context, dot pi and then servers dot Pi is where we define the single MCP server that we're going to be using. And it's a pretty critical one. It is playwright for people familiar with this. And this is going to be, uh, these are the arguments that we'll use, which is making sure that we're using the latest MCP playwright server headless. So it's not trying to bring up a browser. Uh, and we're using a user agent to make it most likely to be able to surf the web properly. Uh, and, uh, yeah, we've got a little bit of stuff here to make sure that it can work, either when it's deployed on AWS or when it's deployed here. And as you can imagine, this kind of futzing around with these sorts of paths and things was was the result of some agonizing few days, which, uh, is the kind of thing that you have probably had to struggle with for some strange, crazy reason of your own for your setup. Uh, and these kinds of things can be brutal until you finally solve them. But but this is one I finally solved. But this this, uh, module MCP servers is the one that responds with this MCP server for allowing our agent to be able to browse the web headless using a Chrome on, on its box, on in its container. Uh, and do some research according to our instructions, as laid out in context. And so with this, that brings us to server.py, which is where we actually create the agent that's going to take advantage of these two modules. And of course, I should say an important part of this is for you to come in and experiment and try changing some of these prompts. Change the instructions. You could also try changing the MCP servers or adding more. So going into Server.py this is the the actual um, the agent itself is going to create a fast API service. Uh, and we are going to have this method here run research agent taking in a topic. And basically this this is where you go to change the region that will be used for your bedrock call. So change this here to be US West two or whatever region you want to pick for your bedrock call, uh, make this be what you want. Uh, and then this is where I am choosing Amazon's Nova model, but that here is the other option. So should it be ready? Should you be willing to experiment with the OSS? 120 uh, then you should uncomment this line and use that model instead and change this to us West two. And that will give you the ability to try out the, uh, the new OpenAI model, which would be very exciting. But it may have this problem with tool calling that I've experienced. Uh, but if it doesn't, then congratulations. And then you can, uh, call uh, we then go ahead and call the agent. So we're using traces. As I mentioned, this is how we're going to take advantage of OpenAI's built in observability framework to trace what's going on. We're going to create our MCP server. We're going to call the agent. We're going to pass in the context the system prompt that I showed you a minute ago. We're going to pick the model that we just selected here. We're going to have a tool to ingest a financial document that is going to basically call our lambda function and we're passing in our MCP server. The playwright MCP. And then we're going to call run a run and have it off. There's going to be a health check. Uh, and uh, that's this is some, some other stuff that might be called by the scheduler. We will see. And this is just test, test stuff that's remaining. Uh, that's it. That is the code. So that is our server dot pi. And now I'm going to talk to you about how we will get to deploy this. And now we have two things to show you that actually manage the deployment. One of them is our Dockerfile. This is the thing you remember that creates the Docker image. It's the recipe for creating the Docker image. And basically it installs node and then it installs playwright and chromium. It installs UV. And then finally it launches Uvicorn and runs our app server. Uh, the, the server Pi that we just looked at on port 8000. So that is our Docker file. And it makes sure to use the right kind of platform. And now let me show you deploy.py. This is a pretty long script. You remember in in week two we actually had a shell script and a PowerShell script to do our deploy. But all the way back in week one, I think we had a Python module to do it, and this is pretty similar. But the first thing it has to do is figure out what did we just create. So it's got some stuff here that connects, that looks in our for researcher folder in Terraform and gets the URL of our ECR repository. And then we log in and then you can see all this other stuff. We then build the Docker image by by calling Docker build minus minus platform. Uh and then we will go and push that image to ECR. And you can look through this, but you'll also see it running in just a second and you'll see exactly what it has to do. Let's go and do that now.

@@@LECTURE 86 :: Day 5 - Testing End-to-End AI Agent Workflows from Research to Vector Storage
So to run the deploy script that we just looked at, we now go to the backend CD backend and the researcher directory. There it is. And we type UV run deploy.py. And this is going to kick off the script we were just looking at. It gets the AWS account details I don't know if you saw that. And there it is. It then finds the ECR URL. It's too quick for me. Let's scroll up. It's now running the docker build using the Docker. Uh, the file that we looked at, the docker file, the recipe for what's to happen. And you can see that it carried out all the steps we looked at installing node, installing uh, pip install UV right there and installing playwright with chromium. It's all happening. Uh, this, um, warning can be safely ignored. Uh, and now it is off building our building our container, which it will upload then to ECR. It's pushing the image to ECR as we speak. So we will let it do that, and I will come back in a minute when it's complete, and we will then be ready to do our Terraform apply. Okay, so after some time that that eventually completes successfully and we're on to the final step of doing our Terraform apply. So let's do that. Let's open up a new terminal. Go back to our setup instructions. Here we have them. So it's time for us. Now that we've deployed it's now time for us to go into Terraform. See Terraform into the for directory and run the full Terraform apply. We no longer restrict this by some targets. We want to deploy everything we say. Yes, and off it goes. It's doing its deploy. And, uh, in a second we should have ourselves a new service. So I will check back in in a second. It'll be a second for you, but it might be a bit longer for me. And I'll talk to you then. And there we go. It did take a few minutes, but it was successful. Here we go. Let's see exactly how long it took. It took seven, almost eight minutes to complete that deployment, but it it created it's finished. And we have a URL and and it's it's been created. Uh, it says it takes 3 to 5 minutes. Uh, mine took more like eight. And now it's time for us to test this full pipeline of research to ingest, to search. So get ready for some testing. All right. So I'm going to open a new window. And so first of all we are going to go back to the uh um back end ingest directory. So CD backend CD ingest. And we're going to run this cleanup script. If you remember this UV run cleanup S3 vectors. And this is going to delete everything I say. Yes. Let's go ahead and delete everything. And I'm not sure if I covered the cleanup script before or not, but this is the one that wipes out the database completely and makes sure it's all empty. I think I did run it just to show you before how it how it created it successfully. Deleted three. Let's let's run it again just to be absolutely sure. It should say successfully deleted. It says no vectors found. Database is already empty. Excellent. All right. Now it is time for us to test our research. Very exciting. I feel like I've not used the word moment of truth, the expression moment of truth for a while. And I feel like this is a moment of truth. So I deserve to be allowed to say it. Uh, so we should now go to the back end researcher directory. So we go up one directory and we go into researcher. There it is. We're now in the researcher directory. And we are going to run UV run test research. Let's give this a shot. Test research dot pi. Off it goes. So it's getting the app runner service. It got the URL. It's healthy. It's now generating research for uh whatever the agent would like to generate research for. It's doing a trending topic. And so it says it will take 20 to 30s. In my experience it sometimes takes longer. And now of course I am using the Nova model and I should say right up front, that Nova model isn't as strong as the OSS model or as Claude, if you're using either of those. And so this is a little bit hit or miss. Sometimes using Nova, it usually seems to work, but just occasionally it goes a bit wrong with its tool calling. But let's see what happens here. It's right now this agent is running. It's spawning an MCP server, it's loading a playwright browser, it's doing some navigation, it's collecting some news. And when it's collecting that news, it's going to use a tool to call the ingest function to then save that news in our vector store. So all of that is happening while I'm talking. And it's definitely taking longer than 20 to 30s. Uh, but hopefully it is about to wrap up. All right. I'm going to have to, uh, to, to to break for a second while I let it think I'll be right back. And I would love to say to you. And that just worked just as soon as I stopped. But it didn't. It waited for a couple of minutes and then it failed with some timeout error, and I ran it a second time. This is the first time it failed with with a bad gateway for URL, which I think is like a long time out. I ran it the second time and it ran fine. So, uh, this is because using Nova is a bit hit and miss. It's not such a big model. Uh, but, uh, I'm very hopeful that you'll be able to use OSS 120. If not, you can also use Claude, should you wish, or any of the larger models, and you'll probably have a rather more successful run of it than me. I seem to get like, I don't know, maybe, maybe it's a bit bit more than 50 over 50 of a result. But anyway, it did just run. And so now we can actually test to see whether or not we've got it in our knowledge base. So to see whether it is, we have to go back into the back end ingest directory. So up one and go into ingest. And now we're going to run this test search S3 vectors. And remember we had emptied our S3 vectors a moment ago. So it was empty. We've now run our researcher. It's gone off to try and find trending topics. And there we can see that there are indeed there is some stuff in there in our knowledge base, in our vector store. This was created by our researcher. It's it's a it's a lot going on. I hope you're following. Uh, and hopefully you're seeing this too. And you're seeing the researcher generating coming up with information through the agent flow and then putting that into the knowledge base through the ingest function. And if you're not sure what's going on or you don't believe me, there's another place where you can find out what's going on. And that is by going to the traces page in OpenAI's platform. So this is a platform openai.com. Or you get to it by clicking on logs, and then you click on traces up here. And you see the traces and you'll see my earlier experiments there. You can look the other way for that, but you'll see these latest two, which are the ones that I just run. This is the one that actually timed out. I guess there's like AA2 minute timeout. Uh, on on the, on the, on that, that uh, app service. Uh, but this one did run in time after 80s. Let's go into it and you'll see that it used, uh, got the list MCP tools, it used browser navigate. Uh, browser navigate again browser, click browser handle dialog browser click. So it was going along. It took a snapshot. There's more to be done here. Uh it really did go to town here. And then at the end it called the Ingest Financial Document tool. And you'll see that that tool is something which calls our ingest function and meant that we we followed the ingest flow. So that's how it all fits together. And this is where you should dig in, bring up the traces, look through this. Satisfy yourself about what's going on. We can probably make it make less of a meal out of this by being tighter on the prompts and tell it you know, only visit one page or something. Just make sure that it doesn't doesn't go all around the houses like this. Uh, but this is where you really get a feel for what's actually happening. Uh, behind the scenes, as our researcher agent uses its MCP tool to to dig around the internet and do some research.

@@@LECTURE 87 :: Day 5 - Automating AI Agent Workflows with AWS EventBridge Scheduling
Well, hopefully you're feeling pretty satisfied with how everything's holding together. We've got a quite sophisticated data pipeline in action, and you're hopefully seeing it working and understanding what's going on. And there's some more things for you to test that will give you even deeper understanding. Uh, looking at checking the health health routes and, and doing some other, more specific tests. But then we've got to the final way. We're going to make it just one step more complicated. And to show you that I'm going to bring up an architecture diagram, uh, which you will find in the guide. So let's go over here into guides and open up architecture. And I just want to summarize. This is the more granular version of that simple architecture diagram I showed you, which is showing you the different pieces in place. We are going to set up something called an EventBridge scheduler, which is an AWS service which is able to carry out respond to events. And one of the simplest ones is to do something after every period of time, like like a cron job. And we're going to do it every two hours, and it can kick off a lambda function. And we're going to have a very simple lambda function called Alex Scheduler, and its only job is basically to call research auto. It is going to kick off an app runner run, just like the one we kicked off a moment ago that we know with my setup is only going to work half the time, but hopefully with your setup works every time and will do for me once the bedrock issue is resolved and I'm back to OSS. Uh, so, uh, that's going to kick off every two hours and that is then going to follow the exactly the process that we have built. Uh, it calls app runner. App runner is is running our agent. Our agent uses bedrock hopefully for you and shortly for me. It's using OSS one A-20b and being reliable on us West two. And it is then going to be calling the, uh, the the API gateway with the rest API with this private key that for security purposes, we've put this API key in. Um, it's going to be doing that. Uh, it's going to be doing that based on the results of this research that is going to be calling our lambda ingest function that we built two days ago now, and that is going to vectorize using SageMaker and store that in S3. So this is the full architecture diagram with these two pieces up here as the last pieces to be built. And hopefully now this architecture diagram completely is clicking for you. And you're familiar with all of these components. All right. With that let's get some scheduling. So here I am in the guides I'm in guide for step six enable automated research. And this is marked as optional because this will kick off our flow every two hours. And so there will be a small charge associated with this. And so only do this if you're comfortable with that. Or you could run it for a bit and then turn it off. Uh so we're going to enable the automated research. And the way to do it is very simple. You go into your terraform.tf vars file in Terraform directory in for researcher there is the file. The last line of that file should right now say scheduler enabled equals false. And change that to true. and I just did that before I pressed record. So that has happened already. And once you've done that, all you need to do is run terraform, apply again. Uh, so we go back in here, we will go to, uh, back back to, to this directory Terraform and back into the fourth directory. And we just simply run terraform. Apply again. It seems ridiculously easy. There must be more to it than this. Uh, and while it's doing its thing, I'm going to say yes. I'm going to show you the Terraform code while it's running so you can see what it's actually going to be doing. If we look in here, you will see that the, uh, last few sections of this is the AWS, uh, scheduler. And you can see here that it's based on whether the, uh, the scheduler is enabled, whether actually go ahead and create this or not. That's what makes this be created. The Alex research schedule, uh, it's being set to be every two hours. And its target is to call a lambda function called scheduler, and this is the lambda function that sets up that, that that lambda function. Uh, this is the IAM related stuff and that is it. And it is happened. And it says here automated research is running every two hours. So just like that, we have kicked it off. Uh, and at this point you will have to take it on leap of Faith. At this point, uh, you will leave this running and you will come back later and look in your traces and you will see that it is running every two hours. And the evidence that I have for it for you now is what you saw in my traces. You saw all of those, uh, previous runs that had happened after I kicked this off. And you will have that same experience yourself. It is now running. You have a live data ingest pipe every two hours. It's waking up, it's doing some research, and it's then calling that whole architecture we were just looking at to bring that through your data pipes and ultimately end up with that in S3 vectors. And you can imagine how you could extend this to so many scenarios where you're collecting information from different sources on a regular cadence and then putting it through your data pipes. So this is a great example of a production grade data ingest pipeline with agents, with MCP, with lambda functions, and also with App Runner. And it doesn't feel real unless I can show you the evidence. And so I changed the schedule to run every ten minutes instead of every two hours. And I've gone into the traces right here. We're in openai.com logs which, which you can also get by going to dashboard and then clicking logs and then clicking traces. We are seeing the tracing coming from OpenAI agents SDK. Sure enough you can see if you look down here that every ten minutes my researcher has been running. And if we click into one of these we get to see the trace. We get to see it's navigated using its MCP server, looked at a few web pages, clicked on a few things, and it's ended by calling the tool ingests financial document, passing the text over to our ingest pipes. And so that is it working in the wild. Let's just go and check and see that it has actually been storing documents. And so back in cursor I'm now going to go into backend and into the ingest directory. You may remember that we have a test search Python script that looks in our vector store and tells us what we've got there. Last time I think we had maybe three in there. Let's see what we have now. So we will do uh, UV test search, I think. There we go. Let's run this and see what happens. All right. There's a bunch of stuff in here. Uh, let's go up to the top of this. Uh, so, um, it's, uh, found, uh, ten vectors in the index. So stuff has been put in there. Uh, and, uh, here we go. Lots of interesting things have been going in there. Three results for one search, three results for another, three results for another search. Uh, and, uh, yeah. Clearly there is more information in here. This is working. It's running every ten minutes. Stuff is going in. Let's take a final look in the AWS console itself, and then we will call it a wrap. And so here I am in the AWS console logged in as AI engineer. Let's look for App Runner. There it is. We want to find the researcher. It's right there. We'll go into it. Here it is. We'll see when it got deployed. And then we can say view in CloudWatch to bring up the logs in CloudWatch. And we'll be able to look at what's going on. And what you'll see is that, oh wait this is this is the metrics for the uh for the deployment. Hang on. Let's go back here again. Let's look at the application logs. View the application logs in CloudWatch. Now let's see if this shows us this log stream right here. This should show us. Yep. This is showing us the stream of log messages from our agent. And what you'll see is that this has been successful. Sometimes sometimes it's having a max turns exceeded error because I've got my my total number of turns set to ten. I think I'll make that up to 20 before I push the final version of this. But but, uh, also, it's almost certainly because this slightly inferior Nova model is struggling to stick to its directions, to try and do things quickly. And so it's just keeping on fussing away until it's done more than ten turns, so you can look back through the logs to see examples of where things are working well and where they're getting in trouble. There's a couple of other times I saw higher up when it gets stuck because a browser page is taking too long. So there's other things that can be corrected for. I think it's this one right here. Uh, so, uh, you can look back and see that it's running. See, it's running every ten minutes. See the ones that are getting successfully stored. And use that to satisfy yourself that your agent is running. Uh, and these are the different places that you would go to to observe your agent in production. You would look at the app runner log events to see what your Python code is logging. And then within OpenAI you go to traces to look at the detailed metrics about your agent operating in production. So I would say we can say that we could tie a bow on the ingest pipes and say, this has been a success.

@@@LECTURE 88 :: Day 5 - Week 3 Wrap-Up: Assignment Options & Production AI Next Steps
And at this point, I want to tell you about your assignment for the end of week three. And it's an important one, and it's going to be about making what we've built more resilient, more bulletproof and richer in functionality. And I'm going to suggest you could take three different directions, one of three different directions or multiple should you wish. So three different directions for your assignment. The first of them is to go in a more agentic direction. Go deeper in Agentic AI. For example, you could add on more MCP servers to your setup. If you've taken my Agentic AI course, we could add on the polygon server so that our researcher is able to look at at current stock prices. Or if you're on the paid plan, it's able to collect financial documents associated with companies. So that would be pretty cool. You could also work more on the context engineering. Context engineering this this hot phrase for not just thinking about prompt engineering, but thinking about all of the information you provide in the context to get the most success from the agent, to keep it on track, delivering good outcomes. So you could work on some context engineering, and you could also add in to do list functionality. This would keep the the agent thinking more and being more on track with what it's meant to do. Give it some tools to be able to set a to do list for how it wants to do its research, and then carry out each step one by one, providing it with to do list style tools that that you can write yourself is is very powerful. Think about how the experience of working with Claude code and try and emulate that in terms of how your agent works. So that's just a bunch of ideas, a few ideas. You could have different ideas, but use those different approaches to give your research agent deeper capabilities. So the second direction you could take this assignment is to go deeper in platform engineering in DevOps. So look at some other AWS services that you could incorporate here. And I'd suggest you read up on SQS for example. This would allow you to put a more resilient task management system around the research and ingest process such that if it fails for some reason, it automatically gets queued to You to retry. So you could put in that kind of bulletproofing around the setup and make sure that works, and then let it have an error. And it tends to have an error on its own sometimes just just because the MCP server goes wrong, the playwright browsing times out, whatever, you'll be able to see it retrying and running again. So that will be making the platform more bulletproof by working on the the platform engineering side of it, the deployment architecture. And then the third way that you could take this further is to look at the data side of it. Go deeper on data engineering. So right now we're bringing in the data from from the researcher. What we could do is map it to some kind of standard format that we come up with some format where there's some structured information that you want, and then store it externally in an external database. For example, you could look at Supabase where you can sign up for a free account, get an API key, and you could have a serverless function that's able to take the data that came from the from the ingest, and then write it out to your super base database externally using your API key. So this will be a great way to to build another Lambda serverless function and to be able to write data externally, also transforming it into a different format. And so that should be should be pretty exciting. If you want to sort of stretch challenge there, then don't use Lambda, use App Runner and use an MCP server. Again, use the super base MCP server to write out to super base. That would be taking on both the one and three, and I would love to see some examples of that. If someone wants to to to to sign up for that. But anyways, you take it come up with something different as well. This is an opportunity to be creative, to think of a different way that you'd like to beef up this data, ingest pipeline and go build it. And I can't stress enough that the very best way to learn is not by listening to me yabbering away, not even by watching me typing furiously, uh, but by building yourself. And so please do take this assignment on. Do go and have a shot at it. And when you're successful, then please share it so we can all take joy in your success. And the way to do that. There's there's many ways. One is to post on LinkedIn and put up a link to it, and if you tag me in that, then I will. Then I will come in and weigh in. But another way and a great way that would that would have have it be immortalized in, in GitHub would be to in addition to putting it onto your own repo, submit a PR with with a Python notebook in the repo in the community contributions folder that links to your repo and gives a couple of comments about it. Maybe the screenshot. Put that in a Python notebook, submit a PR instructions in the guides folder, and then I will bring that into the repo and you'll be sharing it with all students that way. And this is a moment to go and check out that community contributions and see what other students have done. And as a final reminder, as we wrap up, please do go back in as root to your AWS console. Make sure you look at billing and cost management. Keep an eye on your expenses or your how you're consuming your free credits. If you're in a free plan and make sure you're satisfied. Comfortable with that. Uh, if you have your agent running every two hours and doing some research, then that's great. Understand how much that costs. And if you're not comfortable with it, of course, just change in the terraform file in main.tf, change that scheduler to false and do a terraform. Apply again to turn off your scheduling. Uh, and uh, if should, should you wish to not be running this infrastructure for the researcher? For sure you can do a terraform destroy and bring it down. We will be using some of this data next week. But but you don't need to. You can always bring it back up again when that time comes. Uh, but if you're comfortable with it, then leave it running. Let it do its thing. Or you can you can make the schedule like every, every 20 hours or something. If you'd be more comfortable with that, make sure that you're happy with the costs. But then if you are, leave it running. Let it build up its knowledge. Let it get more and more knowledgeable, deeper and deeper expertise about the markets, about being a financial planner, because we will put that to excellent use next week when we build out our full agent tech platform. So look, if you're feeling a little bit exhausted, I don't blame you. We've we've been through a lot together. This has been quite, a quite a grueling week. Uh, it's hard to, to remember that we began it by doing the, the cyber project and deploying that to Azure and GCP because we've been spending so much time working on this data ingest pipeline. The researcher, the agent, MCP and the ingest and vectors. But wow, what? We should be super proud of what we've built. We've built something that is an enterprise grade ingest pipeline. Hopefully you're thinking about things like how that agent could also be calling out to different APIs. There's there's there's so many ways that this is this is enterprise grade and ready for large scale data ingest. And also, yeah, other other things to remember from this week include the way that we built that API with API gateway, with its own API key, and with its own controls around how how it's used, how how much it can be scaled and throttled. So a lot of enterprise plumbing that we've built, and it's been a lot of fun. And certainly I feel super satisfied by by where it is right now and by the fact that that, uh, all all through the day and night, every two hours, it's going to be waking up, stuff is going to be happening, data is going to be flowing, vectors are going to get stored. All of that's happening. Wow. Okay. And with that, it's the moment for me to say 75%. Week three. Mission accomplished. Week three out of the four. 75%. Through we covered SageMaker as well as bedrock. We deployed Mchp to two containers on all of GCP and Azure and AWS. We got so much done. But next week, next week is going to be triumphant. We're going to be building a complete Agentic AI platform. It's our conclusion of our capstone project that's going to be so many agents. It's going to be so many lambdas. It's going to be such a complex architecture diagram. I plan to I wish to blow your mind. You will see it all. It's going to be great. Make sure you get lots of sleep because it's going to be, uh, some, some really heavy lifting, some very juicy building. Next week, as we wrap up our capstone project and we complete the last 25%, the final stretch until you are an expert at generative AI and Agentic AI deployed to production.

@@@END_BATCH
