@@@LECTURE 76 :: Day 3 - SageMaker vs Bedrock: Deploying Custom AI Models in Production
So Amazon SageMaker is one of AWS core services for AI projects. And in particular, it's for end to end machine learning model deployment from building to training to implementing and rolling out models into production. And it's there both, as I say, for the training side and for the hosting side. It's both running the sort of fine tuning jobs and then deploying them in a way that is scalable production grade. Uh, and we're not going to be covering training directly on this course. We're going to be using this for deploying open source models in inference mode. But if you've taken my companion LLM engineering course so that you are familiar with fine tuning models, then for sure you could experiment with that side of it too and actually deploy a fine tuned model. It should the the courses should connect nicely there. And it's very much SageMaker is designed for MLOps. MLOps, which we'll talk more about in just a minute, is is about the whole sort of process of being a DevOps person from a machine learning point of view. So it's all about things like tracking different experiments, versioning your data and your models, automated retraining of models and monitoring models in production, making sure that the full ML process is repeatable and bulletproof. That's what SageMaker is all about. So you're probably thinking right about now, okay, but what's what's bedrock then? But wasn't bedrock all about deploying models? What's the difference between bedrock and SageMaker? Well, let me let me clarify. So bedrock versus SageMaker give you the the side by side comparison. So the objective of bedrock is to allow you to take foundation models, frontier models, models like Claude's Anthropic or the Nova range from AWS and be able to use them through an API. It's like a sort of, uh, router for frontier models that will be billed to your AWS account with a well-known, scalable API. SageMaker is much more low level. Detailed. SageMaker is about building and training, tuning and deploying your own ML models or open source models. So what are these models? Again, in Bedrock's case, these are pre-trained models from Amazon itself and from partners like anthropic. Limited selection of major model providers SageMaker is really it's very it's very much like hugging face. And it lets you use any hugging face model. But it's about either building your own model or training your own model, or using a prebuilt model like a like a hugging face model. Open source model and using that in your ML pipelines. And in terms of what the work involved, typically bedrock is super simple. It's just a sort of configuration thing and you're off. You're using an endpoint for for Claude or whatever. Uh, as we discovered in week two, SageMaker, it's definitely it's more involved. We're not going to go that deep with it. We're going to use it to run an open source model. but I'm going to give you a good feel for how much there is to learn about SageMaker. Should you wish. And in terms of the deployment approach with bedrock, you just simply get access to managed endpoints that you just use, as we did in week two with SageMaker. You create your own customized endpoints. We just listed them a second ago, and there were none of them empty square brackets. But we will have an endpoint that we will build ourselves and it will be scalable and something that we have very tight control over. And so so when do you typically use it. So you use bedrock if you are building using frontier models and for, for scaled inference, just as we did with the twin. But SageMaker is is much more about having your own model that you are. It's a custom model or an open source model that you want to deploy, potentially train and scale. It is a more of a of a hands on experience working directly with the models. So hopefully that gives you some kind of feel for for the pretty different use cases between the two. Are you? Maybe this is oversimplifying, but maybe you could think of bedrock as using, like the OpenAI Python client library. And SageMaker is more like using hugging face code when you're lifting up the bonnet and looking at it under the hood, at the actual engine itself and being able to configure it and deploy it. That's what we'll be doing with SageMaker. As I say, we'll be barely scratching the surface. It is a wonderful rabbit hole to explore more should you wish. And now I use the term MLOps before. And let me let me just quickly drill down, peel back the onion a bit on that term. MLOps. So first off, I should say that it is one of these ambiguous terms that's used in different contexts. Sometimes people would refer to this entire course, everything we're doing on this course as being MLOps, because it's all about sort of operationalizing agentic AI and generative AI, deploying to AWS, deploying to GCP and Azure and Vercel. These are all practices related to platform engineering for AI projects. So in a way, sometimes people do use it as an umbrella term to refer to everything that we're doing, but it's probably more common for it to be used specifically in the context of managing model deployments themselves. It's like DevOps for machine learning, managing the lifecycle of a model. So it's about things like tracking the versions of data, the different model versions, the different configurations that you've used for your training so that you can you can always go back if you need to, to a different, different cut to a different experiment. It's about monitoring how your models perform in production. And there's something known as model drift, which is the effect that over time, as as the world changes, as something happens, like like, say, Covid happened a few years ago, models that were trained prior to Covid didn't have like Covid as as an important word in the vocabulary. And so of course, that's an example of something which which fine tuning afterwards with the latest data will make a big difference. And the model's performance will sort of degrade after Covid if it wasn't already aware of the pandemic. Uh, so that's an example of of model drift happening. As models age and detecting that, seeing your performance drop and correcting for it is a is an important DevOps MLOps activity. And SageMaker itself very much is is the platform for MLOps. It lets you track experiments. It has a model registry which is where you can version your different models. It has endpoints with with different monitoring for endpoints and automations for retraining. So so that is the SageMaker is like the MLOps suite. And with that introduction we're going to go back to our lab and start working in earnest on Alex. And now I should say that next week is going to be when we actually build out the Agentic platform behind Alex and deploy it to AWS. What we'll be doing this week is the data side of Alex. So this is a time when I'm going to cover both SageMaker and also data engineering a little bit. So the data engineers amongst you are going to enjoy this. We're going to be talking about data ingest. We want Alex to be a platform that is constantly learning about the latest developments in financial markets, in the field of retirement planning and financial planning generally. And we want it to be always, always learning. And so we want to build data pipes so that Alex is always able to to to get new information and be able to store it in a vector data store so that those are the building blocks we're going to be creating this week. And we're going to start today with just being able to to call a model to take some text, some information and turn it into a vector and store that vector in something called S3 vectors, which is a place to store this kind of information. So, so the first step we have, the SageMaker part of the puzzle is going to be all about turning text into vectors, using an open source model that we all have deployed to a SageMaker endpoint. With that, let's go and do it.

@@@LECTURE 77 :: Day 3 - Deploying SageMaker Embedding Models for Production RAG Systems
And here we are in cursor in the Alex project going into guides. I'm just going to one more time show you open the preview on the permissions guide to show you at the top. Here was this picture. And this gives you now a little bit more insight. And again we're going to we're going to be talking more about this picture over time. But just just now you're starting to see something we're going to be doing this week. As I say the data ingest side of Alex. And so you're going to be seeing something where we're going to be kicking something off that is going to be calling App Runner, that's going to be doing some research. That's going to go into a Lambda function, that's going to end up calling a SageMaker endpoint to turn text into a vector. And that vector is getting stored in S3 vectors, a sort of standard row style knowledge base that we'll use for retrieval. And if you are new to Rag and vector storage and what embedding vectors are, then again, my my companion course LM engineering week five is when we cover all of this stuff, but hopefully this is all had to you. You know exactly what's going on. So anyway, we are going on to the second lab, SageMaker, to do our serverless deployment of SageMaker. Welcome back. Uh, in this this guy, we're going to deploy our SageMaker serverless endpoint to generate embeddings, vectors that will be used for Alex's knowledge base. Uh, and there's some, uh, information about why SageMaker, which you now know. Well, we're going to use a model called all mini LM v2, which is a hugging face model. And again, uh, you may be familiar with this if you've taken my LM engineering course because it's the one we use in week eight. Uh, it's a very popular and very fast, uh, one that we'll be able to download from Hugging Face directly. And we'll be using a serverless endpoint and will be endpoint will be building it using Terraform. And we've completed the first lab so we are ready to go. Okay let's do this. So step one is to configure our Terraform variables. So if you open up the Terraform directory now you will see that it has, as I promised you separate directories for each of the guides. We're going to open up the two underscore SageMaker directory that maps to this guide. And here are all of the details. And you'll see that there is a Terraform vars. There's there's an example one. Sorry I see you should first go into that directory. Uh so let's do that together. Go into Terraform. Uh go into the the two directory and now copy terraform.tf. Dot example and copy that to just be terraform.tf vars. Now I won't be able to do that because I've already run this. But you should do that now. And what will happen of course, is that you will now have a Terraform, for example. But you'll also have a terraform.tf vars and it will just say AWS region equals and there'll be something for you there. And mine is US East one. You should put in your one. And do note that it has to be spelled exactly right, and if you get anything wrong like you miss that hyphen, then there'll be trouble. So don't do that. Um, so, uh, back to the guide. Um, then once you've done that, it's just down to deploying the Terraform code. Let's see what's involved in that. So let's look for a moment at the main file, the Terraform definition. And this is where I advise you to to look through it in your own time. Get a sense of what we're creating. You'll see the usual provider stuff at the top. And then you will see that we are creating some IAM stuff SageMaker role. And then uh, we're creating a AWS SageMaker model and embedding model. And then we're making a, uh, embedding serverless config, which is giving it a memory size and how many concurrent requests can come in. We've got something in here which is sneaky, which is just doing a delay that makes sure that the infrastructure sets up properly. You don't need to worry too much about that. And then we've got here our AWS SageMaker endpoint. That's the critical piece of infrastructure we're making, the endpoint uh, and uh, it's configured by, by the serverless config that was defined above. And that's it. Those are the resources. So how do we actually make these happen. There's just two commands in Terraform that are just terraform init and then terraform apply. And that's all we have to do. We'll do that right now. So I'm in the two folder. Uh I'm going to type terraform init. Now terraform init won't do anything for me because I've run it before. It'll be super fast for you. It'll take a bit more time. Probably terraform init. You run it the first time, and it sets up the kind of all of the the state files, the things it needs, and it installs things locally. It's, uh, I guess it's a bit like doing UV init, which also sets things up and installs things locally so it gets everything ready for you. And if you've already run it, it doesn't do anything again. So it's harmless to run it twice. Okay. Uh, and now we're going to do terraform apply. And that is the big command which actually creates everything. It first plans what it's going to do, and it describes it right here. And then you have to type the word yes. And then it goes and actually builds it, which is what is happening right now. And so now that infrastructure our SageMaker endpoint is being created, it's going to be an endpoint which will allow us to run an open source model. The all mini Lmv two L6 v2 model will be able to run. It's an embedding model that will take text and turn it into a vector. And that is being created right now as an endpoint. and it will probably take a little bit. It may take the I think there's a 15 second delay in there that we saw. So we're expecting at least that. And at the end of it, we should have an endpoint that will be able to use in a quick test. And I will be back when it's created in a second. Well, that's completed for me. It took 2.5 minutes and I've got some output there. As it explains here, what was created was the IAM role, the SageMaker model, and the serverless endpoint for running this model. And the model is of course the sentence Transformers model, all mini LM, L6, v2, and it's outputted some important information for us, including the the endpoint resource name, but also the name of the endpoint that's being created. It's called Alex Embedding endpoint. And that is something that needs to go in our env file. And it's already there because that was part of the default one. Looks like that. But if for some reason you've called yours differently that's something other than Alex embedding endpoint, then you will need to go into your env file and update that. But if this printed out exactly what it's printed here, then there's no further action for you that is all set up in your env nicely, but you could go and check if you wish. Uh, okay. And it does mention here as well that if you ever want to see this output again, you can always run Terraform output as your way to get that again. Okay, it's time now for us to go and test this. Okay. So we're now going to go to our backend directory. So let's go up one up another and go into our backend. And I sometimes. So some of these instructions I'm, I'm a bit uh sloppy that for a PC of course it needs to be a backslash not a forward slash. But it didn't feel like this was worth having a PC and a mac version, because I think you will follow along now. But but these other commands should be cross-platform commands. So we're now in the backend directory. And what we want to do now is call something which is going to make use of a a, uh, file that I've already prepared called vectorize JSON. Uh, that is sitting around. Let's have a look. We are in right now. We're in the back end folder. So if I open the backend folder, uh, you will see there is indeed a file here called vectorize me. Let's see what it has. It just has some text vectorize me in it. And what we want to know is what does that look like as a vector? Uh, that's that's that's what we're about to do, uh, using our using our SageMaker endpoint that we just deployed. So this is, this is the code we're going to call AWS SageMaker runtime. We're going to invoke an endpoint. We're going to pass in the name Alex embedding endpoint. Obviously change that if you've given it a different name. Uh we're saying that it's JSON and we're going to pass in vectorize JSON. Uh, and then print the results to the output. So this is going to be the command that's going to be calling out to SageMaker right now to our freshly deployed endpoint and bam, there comes a vector. I do believe it's 384 dimensional vector, a vector which to this to this model represents the meaning behind the words vectorize me. And this is showing that we have successfully deployed an endpoint, an open source model that we're running on an endpoint of our own that we can access. It's called Alex embedding endpoint. And it is working. And it's also extremely cheap as this pricing should always check pricing because this was as of when this document was written. It may change, always check. But this should be very small indeed. Um, and if you were to run Alex constantly it would be this, this kind of amount if pricing hasn't changed. But I'm going to of course suggest that you destroy infrastructure after you've you've worked with it. So it's it's very cheap endpoint. But we have successfully deployed our SageMaker endpoint and we have a model running in production.

@@@LECTURE 78 :: Day 3 - Exploring SageMaker AI's Full Platform for Production ML Workflows
So I thought it was worth taking a moment to look at SageMaker itself. So you have a sense of the breadth of capability it offers. So from the console page I go to SageMaker, but actually I don't go to SageMaker, I go to SageMaker I, which is the new branding for SageMaker. I think everyone still calls it SageMaker, but it has been rebranded as SageMaker I. And there are a few different sections here to tell you about. So you have a sense of what you can do here. And this is very much the kind of the home for a professional data scientist who does this for a living, and it has the full set of tooling to support data science. The applications and Ides are some of the higher level tools. So there's SageMaker studio, which is it describes as an IDE for a data scientist to be training debugging models, tracking their experiments. Uh, there is TensorBoard for people that know TensorFlow people. Notebooks may be familiar to many of you. This is basically AWS's Amazon's answer to Google Colab. These are Jupyter Labs running in the cloud that you can have listed down here and use them. And this is an alternative to using Colabs, for example. Um, so that that's what notebooks is. Uh, there's some configuration stuff. There is uh, under Jumpstart, there's foundation models is where you could browse the different open source models that they provide. Uh, ground truth is where you can manage data sets, training for different training jobs. And then here is inference. And if we expand inference and come down to endpoints this is what we've been doing. There is our Alex embedding endpoint. So we are like a sub menu of a sub menu. This is very common. It is very common for people to use inference endpoints with SageMaker. So it's an important one even though it's buried a couple of levels deep and it's the one we've looked at. But hopefully this gives you a sense of perspective on the breadth of capabilities offered through Amazon SageMaker I. And that wraps up week three, day three. And our SageMaker exploits. Yes, really SageMaker inference endpoints. But it's given you a teaser, a taste of what SageMaker can offer and what we're going to do tomorrow, of course, is we're now going to pull this into a data ingest pipeline. We're going to be able to to take these vectors and then store them in S3 vectors with a lambda function to take care of that process. So that's going to be exciting. That's going to be our start of data ingest. The data engineers amongst you are going to look forward to this. But to everyone congratulations 65% point. It's been a purple day today an I day which has been fun. And tomorrow will be another purple day. I'll see you then.

@@@LECTURE 79 :: Day 4 - Building Vector Data Pipelines with SageMaker and S3 for AI Memory
Look, I promised you a juicy course. And if you think that this. That Alex is already looking like a juicy project, you ain't seen nothing yet. We're getting more stuck into it today. We've got a lot to cover. Welcome to another Purple day. Another AI day. This is a day in which we're going to be looking at data ingest, in particular using an embedding model, an encoder that we deployed yesterday, uh, to, to create vectors and store them in S3 vectors, a new type of storage that offered by AWS. So let's get to it. First, some quick recaps. So the project we're working on, of course, is Alex, our capstone project, our SaaS financial planner. Next week is when we're really going to be building out Alex, the Agentic AI platform. This week it's all about the data ingest part of it, giving Alex its memory, its mind about financial markets and about retirement planning. We've started our setup by by cloning a repo. We've got Alex as a local project that's got separate Terraform directories for each of the different deployment steps that we'll be taking, and they have TF vars inside them for configuration. And there's also a env file in the project root that has overall, uh, secrets that govern the whole project. We've only got one environment I'm not deploying to dev and test to keep things a bit simpler. No GitHub actions, but you're very welcome to do that yourself if you'd like. And it's so satisfying to be able to do a git push and see it all roll out for you. And yesterday, of course, we we played around with SageMaker for the first time. We made an endpoint, an inference endpoint with an embedding model, a sentence transformers model from hugging face, the all mini lm v2, uh, which is a model you can use to take text and convert it into a vector. And what we're going to be building today is the data ingest lambda function. That will do that and store the results in S3 three vectors and just to be a little bit repetitive, but just sometimes it helps to hear things twice, reminding you of the difference between bedrock and SageMaker. Bedrock, which is about building with frontier models, being able to have, uh, inference that you can run with models like, uh, Nova and Claude and be able to run that at scale, whereas SageMaker is more the platform for data scientists, it's DevOps for data scientists, and it's where you can manage the complete lifecycle of your model development training models, managing different experiments, versioning models and data sets. It has, as we saw, its own kind of Google Colab Jupyter notebooks in the cloud. It's got inference endpoints that we know well because we're using them, uh, and lots of other functionality, including a complete kind of IDE built in. So lots for data scientists to experiment with in SageMaker. We've barely scratched the surface with our deployed SageMaker endpoint. I'd also talked about ML ops. I'd explain that that term can be used in different contexts. It can mean everything that we're doing on this course around platform engineering for AI. It can also be referring more specifically to managing different versions of your models and data, managing your different data science experiments, and that that is more commonly how it's used in that context. And when it's used in that way. SageMaker is one of your go to platforms. That is AWS, ML ops platform. And we talked a bit about model drift, this idea that models can kind of decay in their performance over time as as the natural language of the world evolves and as a result, something you need to to monitor for, to test the performance of your models and then retrain if you need to. And SageMaker is a place that you could do that, and you should go around and experiment with some of the functionality yourself and see if it's something you can you can find useful. You could, for example, if you've taken the LM engineering course, you could take the models that we trained there and look to see how you can incorporate them in SageMaker. So in the last couple of days, I gave you a little teaser of some of Alex's architecture, its deployment architecture, the data ingest side of it. And here's a simplified diagram of what we saw in the slightly more complicated mermaid diagrams. It's going to have Alex is going to have a scheduler, a lambda function that is going to wake up every two hours and say, okay, it's time. And when it does that, what it's going to do is it's going to kick off an app runner. Uh, it's going to to it's going to kick off something called the researcher, which is going to be an agent running in a container. It's going to have access to an MCP server because we want to be trying these different things. Uh, and so it's going to use the MCP server. It's actually going to run a playwright browser to be able to do some research. And what's going to come out of that is some information that it wants to add to its memory. So this is a typical example of a kind of rag process where you have something happening that's going to result in data being ingested. And I thought having a researcher that uses an MCP server is a is a really interesting way to to take this to be generating data. But in your case for your business projects, this might be something that's monitoring incoming feeds. It might be something that's looking at news that's being released or or information documents that are being saved in your company, anything that's causing an event to come in and new data that needs to be stored. And of course, the researcher needs a model to do that. And it's going to use bedrock as its way of calling a frontier model, and which will then call our MCP server. And when it's done that, when it's created some data, it's done a search on the internet, it's found some information it wants to store. It's now got some data that it wants to store in its memory. How is it going to do that? Well, it's going to pass that over to a lambda function called ingest. And ingest is our lambda function that is able to take some data and store it in our memory. And how does it store it in our memory? Well, the way that llms like to have memory of things is using vector data stores so they can retrieve relevant information quickly using Rag processes. And so we want to store it as a vector. So we've got some text from the researcher. We want to turn it into a vector. And the way we will do that is of course using the SageMaker inference endpoint that we deployed yesterday. So we will call out to the open source model the sentence transformers that we have running in SageMaker endpoint to turn it into a vector. And we will then store that vector in a vector store. And we're going to use a service called S3 vectors, which is you can think of like like it's S3, it's a bucket, but it's intended to store vectors. And this is actually a relatively new offering from AWS and it's very cost efficient. I previously used an alternative called OpenSearch that ended up being quite pricey, and you may know that already because you've been seeing it in my Cost Explorer that I spent, I think $70 or something. I think it was $50. There was also the domain name as well. I spent, I think, $50 just experimenting with the prior implementation before I realized that of the various alternatives, that was not cost efficient for certainly for our purposes and S3 vectors is perfect for this. So that is what I'm using. That is what the ingest lambda function will use to store the vector and the associated text, so that it can be retrieved later. So that is the data ingest architecture that we're going to be building today and tomorrow. So what part are we doing today. Well today we're just going to do this part. We're just going to be looking at the ingest lambda function and have it call our SageMaker endpoint and store the vectors. Very simple. These three components we've already built the purple one. Those are the blue bits around it. We're going to build today. And let's get right to it. Let's go back to cursor back into the Alix project Alix Repo and get to work.

@@@END_BATCH
