@@@LECTURE 80 :: Day 4 - Building Cost-Effective Vector Storage with S3 and Lambda Ingestion
So here we are in the Alex project. And we're going to start by going into guides. And it's time for us to look at the third guide. Ingest MD ingestion pipeline with S3 vectors. Okay. In this guide we're going to deploy a cost effective vector storage solution S3 vectors 90% cheaper than OpenSearch uh, and a lambda function for the document ingest and API gateway with API key authentication and integration with the SageMaker embedding endpoint. And the reason so we're we're going to be using this API gateway because this is the kind of bulletproof production, uh, type of, of construct that you'd have in place to make sure that you've got the right kind of security. Okay. So, uh, let's get started. There's there's a little bit of an explanation there that S3 vectors is their new native vector storage solution. Uh, and it is a different to S3, S3 vectors or one word like that. Okay. So the first thing we're going to do is create our S3 vector bucket. And we're not going to use Terraform for this, because this is going to be like a one time thing that will survive, even if you bring down and bring up the infrastructure. We want to keep this bucket sitting around. And so this will also be something that once you're done with the course, you will need to come in and delete the old fashioned way, which we'll see in the Resources Explorer because we don't we want this to be done uh, the manual way. So let's go now to the AWS console to create this bucket. Okay. So here I am in as my IAM user, as you can see from AI engineer over there, not editor I'm going to come in, I'm going to search for S3 and go into S3. And then I'm going to come down here to vector buckets and select vector buckets on the left to see S3 vectors. And here we go. Now you won't see this because you won't have created it. You have to press Create Vector bucket to create your vector bucket. And the name you should give it should be hyphen vectors hyphen. And then your account ID because it's got to be unique. Unique. The the uh S3 buckets have uh global Namespace. So they need to be unique across all users. So this is a good way to do it. If for some reason your one is taken, someone else has taken a bucket with this name exact name with your account ID, then just pick a different number. Uh, put a put a letter at the end of it. That's fine. You just need to be put somewhere safe for you. Um, I think they have to be unique across one, one region. Uh, so, uh, then if you if you follow the instructions, it explains that you set up that as your bucket name. Uh, you keep the default encryption, you then have to come in and set up a index. Uh, and it has to have 384 dimensions. You need to get that right, because that's the number of dimensions in the all mini LLM, L6, v2 model and the distance metrics. How it judges whether vectors are similar should be cosine, the cosine similarity calculation which is the most common one uh, and call it financial research. So if we come back into my screen, you'll see that if I click in on Alex Vectors, I do indeed have one index. It's called financial research. It's been set up and it's running and you should have the same. So we are now going to deploy a lambda function. And it's a lambda function called ingest. And let's take a look at what ingest does. It's in its own folder in backend called ingest. And if we look in that folder you'll see that it's an entire UV project on its own. Right. It's got like a venv of its own, a virtual environment. It's got a py project.toml in there, and it has an important Python module called ingest S3 vectors py. And let's just look at this for a second. It's open right here. So this is something which is basically it's it's one of these Python modules that has a lambda handler function, which you may remember from week two. Hopefully you remember from week two. Uh, this is something that we'll be able to deploy and call as a serverless endpoint. And it's something which is going to expect some text and it's going to write it out to S3. Uh, so it, it looks in the environment for the name of a vector bucket for a SageMaker endpoint, and for an index name that will be financial research if it's not specified. And basically when this lambda handler is called, cold. It's going to do just what it says on the tin. It is going to change the text into a vector, and it's then going to store that vector in the S3 vectors bucket. It's going to do all of that operation. That's it. And that's coming under the lambda handler function in this module. Now let's see how we deploy that. So now I want to show you one other Python module in this in this directory in just called package.py package.py is like a cross-functional Python script that will package up our lambda function and upload it. So how does it work? Well, it creates a temporary directory called build and in build it first of all will will package up everything that we need for this, this Python function, this lambda function. So it copies in the ingest S3 vectors.py, which is the class we were just looking at the module we were just looking at a second ago. It then zips that up into a zip file, and that zip file is going to be called lambda Function dot zip. And then it deletes the stuff that it had as a temporary directory. So that's what package dot Pi does. And this is a pretty standard kind of approach. You write your Python module to do your function, and then you write something which will package it up into a zip file and be able to upload it. It's very similar to stuff we did in week two. Now it's time to run it okay. So bring up a new terminal window. Here we go. And now we're in the project root. Let's go into backend and let's go into ingest. Okay. We're in ingest. And now we're just going to UV run package dot Pi which is the module we were just looking at a second ago. And it's going to do the various print statements that you may have seen there. And it's already happened. It packaged up that lambda function. It created a deployment package called Lambda function, which we should see right there. Lambda function zip. And it's about 15MB in size. And it's ready. Uh, and as it tells us, about 15 megs. Okay. It's now time for us to do the terraform part.

@@@LECTURE 81 :: Day 4 - Setting Up Secure AI Ingestion Pipelines with Terraform and AWS
Okay, so now we just need to set up our Terraform. So if you come into Terraform on the left here and you see that there's a third section three ingestion. That's what we're working on right now. And the first step is to set up our Terraform variables. There's an existing file Terraform.tf example. You can take this copy it, duplicate it to make your own Terraform dot which you're going to then update. If we look in this, you'll see that you'll need to change the region to be whatever region you're using. And then the SageMaker endpoint name. It's by default Alex embedding endpoint. And that should be what you already have. If for some reason you had a different name of your endpoint, then that's what you should put in here. And then you've set up your Terraform variables and your you're almost ready for action. We should have a quick look at Main.tf, which is here, which is the Terraform code that creates this infrastructure. And what you'll see, it's got the usual providers stuff. And then we have the Terraform code that gets everything set up. There is the AWS S3 bucket and this has the bucket name of Alex vectors dash r account id. If for any reason you had to choose a different one, then you would put that in here. But otherwise this should work great. This is the the default. Uh, then um, we've got uh, the, the S3 bucket versioning. We've got some configuration here for server side encryption. Uh, and we've then got the IAM stuff that needs to be there so that Lambda has access, uh, and uh policy. And here is our AWS Lambda function called ingest. The function name is Alex Ingest. This is the role that we just created that it's it's IAM role that gives it access to to carry out the functions it needs. And this is where to find the zip file. So you go up two directories, you go into back end ingest. And then it's called lambda function zip. That's what we create it. And uh then we tell it what handle to use. If you remember this from week two and we we give it a timeout of 60s. And this is all that it needs to do what it needs to do. We also set up an API gateway. And this is where we're setting up a gateway called API that will be used to, to ingest, uh, and you can read some of the, the uh, the parts what the routes that are supported by this API gateway and using API gateway is a way to build bulletproof, secure production endpoints. And, uh, you can read in here that, uh, how it's configured to be using our endpoint. And, uh, you can see that we're setting up to have an API key. We want to make sure that you can only use this endpoint if you have an approved API key. And this is a way that we can also set quota and throttling around how much data is ingested. So so take a look through these settings. You can always ask an LLM to explain them in more detail if you'd like or do some research. It's another great rabbit hole. But this kind of approach of setting an API key that we'll have to retrieve in a second and use as part of our configuration, and having a quota and throttling around an endpoint like this. This is the kind of bulletproof way to build production endpoints that scale. Okay, so to recap, we've set our configuration variables the AWS region and the SageMaker endpoint name. And now it's time for us to run Terraform init Terraform. Apply those two commands. Let's open a new terminal. Let's go into the terraform directory. Let's go into the third directory. Here we are terraform init. I've already run it so it's not going to do too much for me. There it goes. And Terraform apply. It's now going to go off and create all of the resources we just looked at. Uh it does a plan and we have to type the word yes to confirm that that's what we want to build. It's now going to be creating the IAM permissions. It's then going to be creating the lambda function itself and uploading that zip file and setting up the handler. It's also then going to be setting up the API gateway so that we have this kind of bulletproof thing and security and scalability constraints around our endpoint. And when this is done, I'll be right back and we'll be able to give it a try. And now I just wanted to make a point. It's already it ran almost immediately after I stopped recording that. I want to make a point that you may be thinking, hang on a minute, hang on a minute. All this Terraform stuff you're showing us. Isn't that what the point of this course? Isn't this what I have to learn how to write myself? And? And you could be forgiven for thinking that. And what I will say to you is that it is remarkable how good llms are at generating Terraform code to configure different things that you want doing that you can then go through and check. So I have to say that that's the way that I built a lot of this. I went and I described the resources I needed and I got the Terraform code, the resources written immediately, and I checked through them. And then I do the kinds of double checking of things that I need to do. But because you should always check out Llms. But it turns out that they are really great at of this now, so there's little point in me going through and giving you all the nitty gritty of setting up the different resources and what attributes are allowed and not allowed. There are good docs for that, but you don't even need them. You can just use an LLM to generate the first pass of your Terraform scripts, and then run them and check that everything's configured the way you want. That's the way to do it. Okay. Anyway, with that preamble, let's have a look at what it's outputted. It's told us a few things. It's told us the vector bucket, which is the vector bucket that we expected the API endpoint. This is our API endpoint. And it's also told us an instruction for how we can get our private API key. So if we look on here we'll see that it says uh, what we now need to do is save our configuration in our EMV file. And the first thing we need to do is run this bit of code here. You can see it's of that form. We need to run this code to get our private API key. So I'm not going to run it because it will then show you my private API key which would be very insecure practice. So you should run that and it will immediately print below it an API key. Uh, and then we need to update our EMV file. Uh, and you can use this is like a mac instruction. So that that wouldn't be good for a PC, but it's equally easy and I recommend you do it simply using the file browser here. So you go to the project root and find your EMV file, and you click on it to edit it, and you need to add in three rows. You'll find already in the part three section in your EMV file. Already vector bucket needs to be the vector bucket. That's right here. Alex API endpoint needs to be the Alex API endpoint that's right here. See how convenient this is? And Alex API key is what you will get when you run this right here. When you run it it's going to give you the API key, the private API key for this endpoint. And that's what you need to put next in your dot EMV file. And remember you can always come back and see this by running Terraform output in the future. So with that please go ahead and do that. Set up your EMV file and I'll see you right back here.

@@@LECTURE 82 :: Day 4 - Testing Your AWS Lambda Vector Ingest Pipeline End-to-End
Okay, I have done that and I hope you have too. And remember, every time that you do this deploy in step three, it is going to recreate another API key. So you would have to do that again with the latest endpoint and API key. But now it is time for us to test test what's happened and make sure that this works by running some test scripts. And the test scripts are in the back end folder in ingest. There's a there's a couple of scripts we'll use test ingest S3 vectors is going to run a test for us and then test search S3 vectors is going to search to see what's in there. And there is also another little one here that might be useful called cleanup S3 vectors that will delete anything that's there if you want to start absolutely fresh. Uh, so uh, I am going to begin now. And actually it suggests that you start by doing an ingest. But I suggest that we start by doing a search to make absolutely sure that it's going to be empty to start with, and then it's going to be populated. So before I do anything, I'm going to begin by running UV run test search S3 vectors just to show you what we get. If we run this, it's found no results at all. You can see if we just look at this. It lists all vectors. It's found none. And then it does some searches for a few to see what's closest to electric vehicles and sustainable transportation. And it finds no results, nothing for any of these topics. Uh, and it found nothing here, which is what we'd expect, because it's all just been freshly created. Okay. So now we're going to run this UV run test, ingest S3 vectors. Let's just look at what this test does. Look at it here. So it is going to uh call call our uh our endpoint and ingest a document. And uh, let's just see what it's going to ingest. It's going to ingest some text about Tesla Inc, Ink, some text about Amazon, a multinational technology company, and some text about Nvidia. So those three documents are going to be pumped through our Lambda endpoint to see whether or not those end up in our S3 vectors data store. So with that, it's time for us to do UV run test ingest S3 vectors. Let's give this a shot. Well something happened. It appeared to run. Now we see whether it's actually there. Okay, so now we're going to run test search S3 vectors again and see if we find any information about any of those topics. Well we do. You can see right away. That's cool. So uh, when we got back results, it found three results. Uh, it found the Amazon.com stuff, the Nvidia corporation and the Tesla. Uh, and you can see, since we only had three vectors in there that it found That for? For each of them. So, uh, that's that's great. Uh, uh. Test worked. We have successfully deployed now a lambda function. That's our ingest lambda function that can be called with text. And when it's called with text, it will then go off to our SageMaker endpoints. It will turn the text into vectors. And it will store those vectors in a vector data store in S3 vectors a bucket that we have there. And on top of this we have this API, this this gateway that has an API key. And it has various scalability constraints to make sure that we we use the right amount of resources. So this has been deployed in a bulletproof way. It's been automatically deployed using Terraform. And our test scripts have worked well. So so far we're in great shape. And if you scroll a little bit down in the guide, in the setup guide you'll see there's also an architecture diagram. That's again a slightly more detailed version than the simplistic one on. On the slides you can see that we've got our client, which in this case is just a test script, is calling the API gateway using a key that we've set up, a secret key, which is our way of adding security to this process. And that is then calling a lambda function that we deployed. We created a zip locally and uploaded that zip. That lambda function is able to call a SageMaker endpoint that we configured. That's using the all mini lm, l6 v2 model, which then creates 384 dimensional vectors representing the text that it's called with, and that that vector is then stored in S3 vectors in our Alex bucket. Uh, and uh, that is our data ingest pipeline put together. Well, this is great. It's all coming together. That is day four complete. Uh, week three, day four. We have just built our ingest pipeline with, uh, being able to call a lambda function that we use to get some data in and vectorize it by calling SageMaker endpoint, and then putting that vector into S3 vectors data store. And tomorrow we take it a step further by adding in the source of our data, an agent that's able to gather data. It will be using an MCP server to do that. Playwright MCP server getting data. It will be then sending that data to our ingest lambda function. And that's really going to put together this kind of end to end data pipes. And the data engineers amongst you will be thinking of all sorts of ways you could add to that with things like ETL tooling that hopefully we'll talk about briefly. So tomorrow's a big day. I can't wait for it. But first we should celebrate that we are 70% of the way through 70% on the way to production expertise. I felt like just the other day we were like 20% and now it's it's we're somehow soon be approaching the end game. So but but not before a really meaty day. I have in store for you tomorrow and I'll see you then.

@@@LECTURE 83 :: Day 5 - Building AI Research Agents with MCP Servers and Data Pipelines
Well, I don't understand where all the time has gone. How can we already be at day five of week three? Well, we're at a crucial moment. We've got tons to do today. It is our third purple day in a row full of AI. We are completing the data pipeline side of our Alex Capstone project, and this time we're going to be using an agent. We're using OpenAI agents SDK, and we're going to be having it have an MCP server. Let's get into it. And like you need a reminder of what Alex is. You know well that Alex is our financial planner. That can be a SaaS product one day. And what we built so far, we built a SageMaker endpoint that can take text and turn it into vectors. And we built an ingest lambda function, lambda function called ingest that can vectorize text using that endpoint and store it in S3 vectors. And what we're going to do today is create an agent called researcher that's able to carry out some research. It's going to use OpenAI agents SDK, as I say, and MCP server to with playwright to to browse the internet, do some research and then call our ingest lambda function. And the way we're going to do it is similar to the way that we had MCP servers on days one and two of this week when when we built things in Azure and GCP, we used the container. We used their equivalent of App Runner uh, to have uh, something which could spawn an MCP server inside that container. And we're going to use the same approach today and say a few words about data engineering. It's another topic that I'm really only scratching the surface of. Data engineering itself could be an entire course or a series of courses, as could front end, as could Docker, as could so many things that we touch on Terraform, for sure. Uh, so what is data engineering? Well, it's really a whole discipline around building data pipes that, that are, that are bulletproof and that can scale. Uh, and it's probably a lot more than that. Data engineer is probably saying, but it's also, uh, so, so some of the things it involves is what's known as ETL, extract, transform and load, which is about really bringing a data source, mapping it to being in a target representation and then loading it into the the the the place where models will be able to use it. Uh, it's also about using many of the scalable data processing frameworks that you hear about. So Spark and Beam are some of them. You may have heard of that allow you to make use of distributed compute to to do things like ETL, massive data sets very quickly and in a way that can be repeated and the things that fail will be retried and so on. Uh, often real time as data flows in, it goes through these frameworks and gets transformed, or some of them run in batch mode. And then another thing which which data engineers might work on is known as the medallion architecture. This is an example of a real sort of enterprise grade data architecture, where you bring in data and you transform it and store it in three different versions of it. Bronze is the kind of source data as it came in in its raw form. Silver is after you've normalized it and mapped it, transformed it into a consistent format right, for your systems. And then gold is the final versions in data stores that are ready to be consumed. So this kind of staging area approach is an example of a real enterprise scale data engineering architecture. So this gives you a sort of a slight sense of data engineering. The pipes that we're building are relatively straightforward. We've got an agent that is a sort of source of data. We've got the the ingest that's then responsible for vectorizing it, which is a bit of a transform. And then we are storing that in S3 vectors. But you can imagine you could have these different lambda functions handing over to each other and having like a, like a pipeline of different steps in which the data is cleansed and perhaps brought through this kind of bronze, silver, gold staging before it's put in the final database, ready for our model. So that gives you just just a feel for data engineering. But by all means, do some more research. If this interests you and you'd like to know more about it. And if you are a data engineer and you've got lots more to say, then by all means add to the Q&A on Udemy and share anything else that you consider part of the of the data engineering profession. And then just to bring you back to the architecture we built last time, this is the simplified architecture of what we're doing here. The ingest function we built that cause SageMaker and stores in the vectors. It's that part at the top there that I just brought to the surface, which is what we'll be working on today. We're actually going to have the scheduler, something that wakes up every two hours and it is going to kick off. It's actually going to call the lambda function. That is going to kick off. Our researcher in App Runner. And our researcher in App Runner will use a frontier model in bedrock, which it's going to use to then call our ingest function. So this is how it's all going to fit together. That researcher we're going to use OpenAI agents SDK. It's going to have an MCP server that's going to be the playwright MCP server that people on my course will remember fondly. That's going to be running all within a container. We will build the container locally and then deploy it, and we'll use Terraform to do it. And that's enough chit chat. Let's let's go to the lab. Let's go and build this.

@@@END_BATCH
