@@@LECTURE 64 :: Day 1 - Multi-Cloud AI Deployment: Azure, GCP & Cybersecurity Agent Setup
Well, you survived week two and I am now delighted to welcome you to week three. And week three is something that I might describe as a smorgasbord. Do you know what a smorgasbord is? This, this here is a smorgasbord, and I describe week three as a smorgasbord for two reasons. One of them is that it consists of a wide range, a selection of different things to to entertain you, a selection of sweet and savory items. And the other reason is that it is something of a taste of several different things. We're not going to go as deep, not as substantive in any one, but rather to give you some exposure across the board. And to demonstrate that, let me show you what I have in store for you this week. We're going to start by looking at Microsoft Azure, and then we'll move on to Google Cloud Platform. It's we're not going to go nearly as deep as we do with AWS. But it's important as AI engineers looking to to deliver AI solutions to production that you have some exposure to these other platforms, and we'll throw MCP into the mix just to make it a bit AI ish. And then for the next three days, we're going very AI. We're going to look at Amazon SageMaker. And we're back to Amazon again back to AWS. We'll be looking at using vectors, ingesting data with vectors and then data pipes with an agent and MCP. So a lot of purple a lot of AI topics to look forward to. I've got a great week ahead for you. So today and tomorrow we're going to be doing a project which is going to have something for everyone. It's going to be ticking a lot of boxes. It's going to be mostly a yellow day in that or yellow two days in that. We're going to be looking at cloud platform engineering first and foremost. Rapidly looking at Azure and GCP more quickly than AWS will be using Terraform to deploy so that we don't have to go through lots of screens and consoles. Although we will look at them, we're going to be using workspaces. We used Terraform Workspaces last week to separate the development, test and production environments, which is very common, and this time we're going to be using them cunningly to have the same project deployed to Azure and GCP in two different workspaces. Very convenient. And we're just going to have one environment for each. We're going to keep it simple. And we're not going to use GitHub actions because you got the idea we did that last week. If that's something you're really into for sure you can you can do this as part of this project as well. So you can just do a git push while the rest of us are envious. That's that's in your skill set now anyway. That's the main focus. It's yellow. But we've also got some blue that we are going to build a juicy project. We're going to build something called the Cyber Security Analyst. Uh, a little project which is able to take a file of code and check it for vulnerabilities. It's going to be a Next.js front end. Again with the app router. We're going to use a fast API back end. Of course, it's going to be packaged by Terraform. And we're going to use Docker again. We're going to have a Docker container with both the front end and back end in it, much as we did for the healthcare app in week one. but there's also a bit of purple. In the next two days. We're going to be doing some AI work as well, but we're not going to be using the OpenAI Python client library. We'll be using the OpenAI agents SDK that people from my course are very familiar with, and will be using an MCP server. We're going to be using an MCP server to give our agent to equip it with cybersecurity skills. And that's going to be great. So there's some agentic AI. There's there's a lot that we're going to be doing in the next two days. And it really ticks all the boxes. It's mostly yellow, but there's plenty of blue and purple in the mix to keep you entertained. All right. So prepare yourself for an important moment. In this course we're going to compare the different cloud services across the three big providers AWS, Azure and GCP. And this you remember are the five different archetypes, the five different types of deployment Architecture that we that we mentioned last week a traditional server. Infrastructure as a service like Amazon EC2. A platform as a service. Container as a service. Container orchestration. And then serverless. Function. And if we start by talking about AWS, let me quiz you now have I think I want you to say out loud, using that famous Udemy technology that listens to what you say and say out loud, what is each of the AWS components for these different things? What's the AWS component for server that we didn't actually use? But I talked about a few times, it's perhaps the original of the Amazon components. It is of course EC2. Uh, what is the platform component. So this would be like it's Vercel is a is a pass. Uh, Amazon has one two. We also didn't use it ourselves, but I mentioned it. So I won't be surprised if you if you don't know it. And it's also not that as well known as the others. Beanstalk is their product for that. The Container. Now, this one you should know because we used it in week one. The container as a service. You package a Docker container and off it goes. This is what we used for the healthcare SaaS app. And this is of course App Runner. Uh and now container orchestration. We didn't use that. You can be forgiven for not knowing this, but if you do know it then congratulations. It is of course ECS or EKS, the K for Kubernetes uh, rather than container. Uh, and uh, last but not least, definitely not least the one that is the talk of the town. What is the the AWS function? Yes, it is of course AWS Lambda, that is AWS roster. And now we're going to compare it with the other providers okay. Starting then with Azure bring Azure into the mixture. I'm just going to show them all together. So you you can you can compare them one on one. The equivalent of of EC2 C2 is virtual machines. It's actually very down to earth name uh, less to remember. Generally, Azure's naming is nice and GCP two actually is pretty clear. What's going on. The, uh, the the platform, the pass is called App Service. Uh, the container one, the one in the middle, uh, is called Azure Container Apps, also known as ACA. The container orchestration one for building and deploying large scalable cloud orchestration products that is called Azure Kubernetes Service. And then the one that is the equivalent of Lambda is called Azure Functions. That's that's a pretty easy to remember. And GCP actually also they don't have fancy names. Uh, the the server, the one on the left is called Google Compute Engine. It's sometimes called GCE Google Compute Engine. The next one along is called Google App Engine. So it makes sense, right? You either got compute or app. Uh, and yeah it's similar to Azure App Service. The the one that is for containers running is called Cloud Run or Google or GCP cloud run. Cloud run. The next one is called Google Kubernetes Engine. Although I almost always hear that just called GKE. People just say GKE for Google Kubernetes Engine. And then the equivalent of Lambda and Azure Functions in Google's world is called Google Cloud Functions. Google Cloud Functions. And I don't think I don't I don't think people give that an acronym. I think people just say Cloud Functions and Cloud Run as well. I don't know why, but that's what I always hear cloud run and cloud functions. So that is the full landscape of AWS, Azure and GCP. And when I say the full landscape, it is far from the full landscape. All three providers have a monstrous slew of different services and names and components. We will see a few others of them with AWS as we go. Like SQS and a few others. But, uh, these are these are the big five in each of the three providers. And, uh, yeah, you don't necessarily need to commit it to memory. You can always look it up, but it's good for you to have heard it. And we will have some experience coming up. So for the next two days we're going to be working with Azure and GCP. And you may be wondering which components we're going to work with. And the answer is the components we're going to work with are the ones in the middle. And we're going to be working with Azure Container Apps and Google Cloud Run. And these are you probably guessed this already from the introduction I gave before. We're going to make a container, a Docker container. And then we're going to deploy it to Azure and deploy it to GCP. And typically building a container and deploying it is the simplest use case. It's what we used in week one with the healthcare app. Uh, when we when we put it on App Runner, it's the simplest to package up and do it. And I wanted to give you a quick example with these other two. It's also the one which is, once you've done it once, it's most consistent to do it across the different providers. Another good reason to pick this. And typically it's what I recommend people start with first. If you've got an Agentic app that you're looking to deploy and you're wondering, how should I go about doing it? What's the first way to do it? Simplest way. Put it in a Docker container, make sure that works locally, and then deploy the container to the cloud using App Runner, ACA or Cloud Run. Pretty similar between the three, and it just tends to work with that little exception about Apple Silicon, which can catch you off guard about making sure you build the Docker container, right? As long as you do that, it should just work. And that's the beauty of Docker containers. And so that is what I have in store for you now. So look there's no time to waste. We're going to dive straight into the lab. I've gone back to the production repo. The repo we began in. And you should to open this up. There's a week three folder on the left. Open the preview of the single file inside it, the readme. And this gives us our first instructions. And that is quite simply that we're going to move to a different repo. We're going to move to a repo called Cyber Git. Uh, one of my repos. You could also just go to GitHub to my page and find cyber. And in the previous weeks, we've always built a new repo from scratch and copied and pasted into it. This time we're going to take a preexisting repo, because this week is all about productionizing. And so I'm going to give you like prebuilt projects that I'll talk through. And then together we will deploy them to production. So please bring up a terminal window. And when that terminal comes up it typically is in the production directory, the directory for this project. And we don't want to be there. We want to be in the parent directory one up. We want to be looking at all of your projects your projects project's directory or whatever similar directory structure you have. And it's in here that we want to type this git clone command exactly as it is here, so that we clone this repo into our project's directory. So copy that, paste it in here, run that command to clone that repo. And then once you've done that in cursor you can go to the file menu and do new window. It pops up like this. You then want to open a project open project. You go into your projects and then you find cyber. There it is. And you open cyber just by pressing open like this. And up comes cyber. Here it is. You see, I was already in there, so it was already open. Uh, and we are now in the cyber repo. Let's get rid of the terminal. So you see it nice and clean and fresh. This is going to be our playground for the next couple of days. And let's get started now with building the cyber project.

@@@LECTURE 65 :: Day 1 - Building AI Security Agents with MCP Servers and Semgrep Integration
So here we are in the cyber project. You can see it's got a very simple directory structure back end, front end, terraform and then week three which is of course our documentation for the week, our guides which has day one and day two where only this, this project cyber is just for days one and two. And day one has three parts and day two has two parts. Day one is going to be a little bit longer than day two. Day two will go, go faster. We've got we've got a fair bit to do. So let's start by opening the preview of what I'm calling part zero, because it's kind of getting ourselves up and running and with some basics that will apply for both Azure and then GCP. Okay. So day one part zero getting started with this project. So we're going to build an AI powered web application that analyzes some Python code for security vulnerabilities. And the first step, the first section setting up the project just tells you to do exactly what we already did. So it'd be a bit meta if we if we somehow hadn't done this and we were in, in in this section. But it goes without saying, we've done this, we've opened it, we've inspected these four directories. We're already on section two. Okay. So we're going to be using a agent that is equipped to handle cybersecurity analysis. And we're going to be doing this by using a tool called Semgroup, which is a very well known tool for analyzing code for security vulnerabilities. And Semgroup has an API and it's free. And so that is what we're going to do right now. We're going to set up a Semgroup account. Setting up these accounts and API's is is something that one has to do a million times. And so hopefully you'll, you'll, uh, Barrett, this time when we quickly set up this account so that we can use that MCP server, which is going to be a lot of fun. So let's do that right now. So the first thing to do is to go to Semgroup dot like that. Click there. Up it comes. Meet your new AI Appsec engineer and we'll say accept all cookies right there. Uh, and, uh, there is a try it for free button. And that's the place to go to set this up. Uh, and I'm already logged in, so it's already come in. But the first thing that it does is it asks you if you'd like to sign up with GitHub, and I suggest that you do that because that makes it nice and simple. So you obviously have a GitHub account already. And so go ahead and do that. That seems to be super slick to me. And then you come down here and go to settings. And from settings you can then go to tokens. And in tokens this is where you can create a new token. And the only thing to bear in mind when you create a new token is to make sure you check the both the leave. Leave this first one checked, but also check the web API as well. And this is a token which I am not going to create. Uh, so that uh, since I just exposed it to the internet. Uh, so that's not a, not a token and you should never do that. Uh, but I do have some valid tokens that I've created and tested, and this should work. Great. Keep note, of course, of that key, because we're just about to go and put it in our EMV file. In fact, we can do it right now. I can just click back here. So go back in here, create a EMV file by right clicking and into that EMV file. You should then uh. This gives you the instructions to do just what I was exactly telling you. And you should. Then in your EMV file right click new file and then put two keys, open ai API key and put your open AI key and Semgroup app token spelled just like that. Exactly like that. You can't be a letter wrong. And then paste in precisely your Semgroup API token that you just created. I know by this point you get it. You know about these API keys. You know they have to be perfect. So do that. And uh, then you should be in great shape. It's in the dot git ignore. So you'll see that it will go like dark gray like this, which is your indication that it's not going to get accidentally checked into git. Okay. Nice. Onwards. All right. We're now going to run the app locally to test it. Just before we do I want to point out this this file here this Python module airline.py and this if I, if I open this right now this is a piece of Python code which is going to do a little airline chatbot assistant that I do believe I cover in my LLM engineering course at some point. Um, and there's some code in here and you might want, if should you wish to take a moment to review this code in airline.py and see if you can spot a few potential cyber security know knows or even just just things that you might it might make you pause for thought because that this is the challenge, this this page here, this is the challenge that we are going to give our AI to try and analyze and see, have a browse through it. And as a little self test, put the video on pause and see if you can find a few things that would certainly, uh, cause you to raise your eyebrows. Okay. And then with that, come back here again for us to give this a try. Okay. And now let's bring up a new terminal window. And we're just going to check that we have node. I mean obviously you have node. You've got to this point I have 24. And check that you've got you've but obviously you've got you've to have a. Yeah. Get that right. There we go. Uh obviously I have as I say obviously I've got yes I do obviously have you've to have gotten to this point but there's how to install it if you need it. Okay. So uh, the way that this is organized is, is very logical. Back end is a nice back end that you will be, uh, pleased to see follows all of our principles. It's a UV project. It's got a server.py. The server.py is a fast API server, and that fast API server, uh, has the cause nonsense in it. And then it has a little bit of, uh, of pedantic classes set up. People from the, uh, a course will be very familiar with this stuff. It uses OpenAI agents SDK. We're not going to cover that on this course, but you get the docs are beautifully written. You can look it up yourself if you're not already familiar with it from my other courses. But we create an agent called the Security Researcher. Uh, it's the name of it. We give it some instructions. Uh, we're going to use GPT for one mini, and we have an MCP server that we're providing called Semgroup server. And the output type this is structured outputs is going to be a security report. And so the security report which is defined right here is something which has an executive summary and a list of identified issues. And those issues uh include a title description code fix a Cvss score, which is a score from 0 to 10, and then a severity critical high, medium or low. And here it is. So we uh, we have some code to, to create the agent. We have run security analyst. And this is something which uses OpenAI's traces. Uh, it then does the async with to to start a use a context manager to start our MCP server. It creates an agent. It calls runner dot run. Uh, and uh, it then returns the output as a security report and that gets returned. This is the fast API route that we're using right here. And we also have a good old health check as we should. And we have, uh, some test code in here. Uh, I might I might remove that before I check it in. Some of this is extra stuff. And then at the bottom, once again, just as we did in week one, we have this server responsible for serving up the static website as well. We're going to have a Next.js front end. And this is going to return the static website. So this is all in server dot Pi. And you can see I've done something that I like to do, which is that I've separated out a module for context in context dot pi. Remember we did this in week two as well. This has the prompts for the security researcher. There we go. And uh, the, uh, some information to build the prompts. And we have our MCP servers in a separate Python module as well. There's only one MCP server here. It is. The parameters is, uh, we get the Semgroup app token from the EMV file. This is the MCP parameters. If you're not sure about MCP, then, uh, you could check out my course if you wish, or just go along with the flow and come back to it later. Um, and so this this is the, uh, the parameters that we use, uh, and, uh, this is where we create the MCP server with those parameters with a two minute timeout, and we use, uh, something called the static tool filter. This is a recent feature added to OpenAI agents SDK, which allows you to constrain which tools get used, uh, when rather than giving access to all of the different MCP tools We're only giving you access to one of them. And Semgroup comes with a lot, and we're only going to give it one called Semgroup scan. So that's all it can do. So I appreciate I'm not I'm not coding it or not having you copy and paste because it's going to be about deploying this in practice. And the super interesting thing is how you go about deploying an agent that can spawn an MCP server. And you can do that with Lambda and with these serverless functions. But it's really hard because the serverless functions are not designed to spawn separate processes. That's not that's not really how they're used. They're meant to just be a function. So you have to jump through some hoops to get that to work. But it's an ideal use case for using containers because absolutely a Docker container, it's at the box within the box. Anything can happen within that box as long as it's defined properly. And that's why if you've got an agent that's going to spawn MCP servers, the simplest way to start is to use container apps, which is just what we're going to do.

@@@LECTURE 66 :: Day 1 - Containerizing AI Agents with Docker for Cloud Deployment
And that was looking at the back end. Let's just take a moment to look at the front end. The front end is a Next.js app, of course, and it's a Next.js app. It's got all of the folders you should be familiar with. Actually, this time when I created it, I did use that src the source option so that it created the app folder as it's using app router of course. So we're looking for an app folder, not a pages folder. And that's within a source folder here. So it's just a small change on how we did it before last time. These files, these these directories were immediately within front end. This time they're under a source directory but otherwise very, very similar to what we did before. The same kind of configuration. Everything is already set up for you. It's a nice, very simple app. If it's got the same layout and pages, pages is where the action happens, by all means look through it. But this is it's using a few installed components. Um, and it should just give us this very simple user interface for our cyber security researcher. Okay, back to the instructions. We are now going to open a terminal. And in the terminal we are going to go into the backend directory. Here we go. And we are going to do UV run server dot pi. And that is going to run our Python server. There it goes listening on port 8000. No Docker containers nothing like that. This is simply a Python server. I'm going to show you how it works without any container magic first. We're now going to go and deploy our front end. Let's open a new terminal. Here it is. We go into the front end folder. We're going to do npm install. This won't do anything for me, but for you it should install a bunch of packages that you haven't installed yet. And then npm run dev is how we start the front end. There we go. There is the front end. Now one little thing to watch out for here. You need to launch the front end with this URL localhost. Not with this one. Uh, just because of some cleverness about how this the front end and back end are hooked up together. You can read more about it in the in the guide should you wish, but take my word for it, this is the one to open up. So I click here. Up it comes. And here we are looking at our Cyber Security Analyst. And you'll notice this has got a nice fresh user interface. It's quite clean and pleasant. And I'd like to pretend that I did this user interface myself, but I did not. I asked Claude Code, and Claude Code did a fabulous job. Uh, I did need to iterate a couple of times. Uh, it does take work to get to a good outcome, but the outcome, I think, is terrific. And there's no way I don't have the taste to pull off a UI like this. Anyways, I press open python file, I choose airline.py, I press open. The contents of that file appears right here. The analyze code button has become enabled and I can press that. And this is now launching my agent using OpenAI agents SDK. That is then going to launch my MCP server to connect to Semgroup. It's only going to give one tool available to OpenAI agents SDK to to GPT for one mini. It's going to launch that tool. Launch Semgroup. Connect to Semgroup. Run an analysis on this file. The results will come back. It will use structured outputs to return them in a presentable format, which should appear any second now. And here it is. Here's the results of our analysis. It analyzed 2237 characters of Python code. Semgroup found four issues, and I identified one additional issue because I did. In fact, in the prompt, give our agent the opportunity to add something in extra. Let's take a look through what it came up with and see if it matches what you came up with. So the first one, which was indeed the the horrible one, is that there was a SQL injection vulnerability, which is a classic. I imagine you spotted that there was a something which was executing a SQL cursor which just shoved in there the values, and it means that someone could say their city. They could they could then put the city London and then close quotes and then put all sorts of dangerous stuff in there. If the the LM would be would be fooled into that then you could cause you could wreak havoc. So that was a problem for sure. Uh, there was, I think, an even worse one, perhaps. Uh, it seems like maybe. Maybe not. Uh, there is, uh, yeah. Okay. Uh, more, more more issues here. No, this is the worst one. Good. It did spot the really critical one. Critical 9.8, uh, out of ten is the criticality score. The the Cvss score associated with this one, which is that there was, in fact, something that that evaluated an expression which could allow arbitrary code to be evaluated. Hopefully, when you were reading through that Python file and you saw that you were like, ah ha. So, uh, certainly, Sam grep spotted that with ease. And then there's some of these, these, uh, lower ones, some interesting stuff. It's seen a potential denial of service because of the way that we, uh, just, just, uh, have an unrestricted launch of gradio rounds up the issues. You may have a different set of issues because the ones the LM adds might be different and you could try it with some different models, but but that's not really the point. The idea is to show you when we're running this locally, we just run a web server with a front end. We run our Python backend server, the front end talks to the backend, and that's spawning an MCP server, a separate process running on my computer. That's easy. That is how local deployments work. Now we want to package this up. And so now close those two servers the front end and back end by doing control C in each of those terminals. They both stop when you stop the back end server. Take a look through. You'll see a trace of the Semgroup server running and what it was doing on your computer to prove that it was actually running. But we're going to swiftly move on and look at Docker. So if I start by showing you that in the top directory here we have a Docker file. Let me open that. Here it is. So the Docker file actually will look quite similar to the docker file that we worked on in week one with the healthcare app. It actually it creates two images. The first of them is a node image, which is just going to be used to build the front end package. By this point, you might understand this more closely than you did in week one, perhaps. Uh, so it does an npm run build on our front end. Uh, and uh, this is used to build the output. And then we create a python uh, container and we use that Python container, we install UV, we, we get everything ready and then we do the, the the, we do this important line here which is where we copy in to this Python Docker container. We copy in the built front end app that was created by this first container, the front end container. And this is the one that we then put in a health check. We expose port 8000 and we run Uvicorn to start the server running. That's how it all comes together. That is our Dockerfile. And so with that we can now make this docker file by just running. Get a new terminal window up. Here it comes. Do docker minus minus version to make sure that you have docker installed. Do docker PS to make sure that docker is running that prints any any, any running Docker containers. So you can um, if that fails for some reason, then you should go to Docker Desktop and launch it from your applications folder. And then we're going to build our Docker container by running this. So this is building the image I use. People often do get the wrong words with image and container. It's important to be clear on what you're doing building the image. We've done it. Uh, and mine was very quick because I'd already done it before. Yours will probably take a few minutes. 2 to 5 minutes. It says, uh, and it downloads the base images that they're built from. It installs the dependencies, it builds the front end, and it packages it together. You can see it caching everything, but doing it there very quickly. Uh, and we then need to run the container. So this is taking it from being an image into actually creating and running the container. So this is the line what this is doing is uh this the mm. There means that once it's finished running, once we stop it it will delete it. So it doesn't stay hanging around. It's going to bring it up. It's going to be using our EMV file. It's going to be using the cyber analyzer image. Let's run this. And that is bringing up a Docker container. Right now it's it's started and it's running on this URL right here. So I'm sure you know this. But just to be very clear. So this is a Docker container running on our local box. We've done no deployments yet. We're making sure that the project works locally first. And it's running. It's on our local box. It's on port 8000. We can bring this up and here it comes. Look. It looks rather different. Sorry. It looks rather different. It looks the same. Exactly the same as when we separately just ran the front end and back end server directly at our computer. We're now running them within a Docker container. Or if you're if you're on the ball, we're not really running a front end anymore. We compiled the front end to a straight up static website, and we've got one backend fast API server that served up this static website, and it looks very familiar to us. So once more we will open up airline, we will analyze code. And now in our Docker container we're expecting it's running the same thing just in this box within the box rather than on our computer directly, so to speak. Uh, and with any luck, this is going to be processing. It's going to be going to GPT 4.1 mini. And in just a second I will be back with the results. And here we are. Here are the results. It was literally just a second after I stopped recording. Uh, here they are. And uh, you can see this time it says at the top SendGrid found four issues. Again, you'd imagine it would be the same. And I identified two additional issues. If I remember right last time, it identified one issue. So, uh, this this was when, uh, there's it's just because it's it's, uh, could be a bit different each time you run it. Uh, but, uh, this time it identified two. And so there'll be one more, presumably low priority issue. See if I could spot which one. It didn't. Oh, I think this is the detail. Yes. The detailed error message, the fact. And I intentionally did put in this low priority thing to see if it would care. I think this is the one that it only identified. It only decided to raise this time because it's a trivial kind of problem that almost always isn't actually a problem. But but it mentioned it. So, uh, these are the ones that the agent added over and above the issues that Semgroup found. Anyways, the point was not to show you the cybersecurity analyst, although that is quite a fun commercial project. The point was to show you it packaged in a Docker container running on my local box, but within the Docker container. And if all you were going to do was run it on your local box, then there wouldn't be much of a benefit over having the front end and back end running separately. Of course, the benefit is that once you've packaged it into a Docker container, it is then super easy to ship it off to a cloud platform. And that's what we're going to do with Azure next.

@@@LECTURE 67 :: Day 1 - Setting Up Azure Infrastructure for Production AI Container Deployment
And this is showing our Docker container in here. And you'll see a few things like you'll see the same grep results analysis again. And you'll see here the health checks going on. And I'm going to control C here. And that's going to stop the Docker container from running which will also delete it. And now we're going to press on and go to day one part one. That was part zero. The kind of foundation, the groundwork to have a working app running in a container locally. Let's now move on to part one Azure. So first of all, we've got to set up an Azure account. I'm assuming you don't have one already. If you do you can skip this little part. Uh, but first of all, uh, it's time to set up your Azure account by clicking here to launch Azure. And this is somewhere where you can try Azure for free by clicking there, which I have of course already done. And when you do this, uh, it takes you through to the screen to, to sign up and, uh, it knows that I'm already logged in, but the instructions that I give you in here will take you through what's necessary. Uh, you will need to provide a credit card to identify, uh, to to verify that you are. You say you are. And a phone number. And if this is your first time, I do believe that you will get credit. When I did it, I got, I think, $200 credit for 30 days. I believe that Microsoft has different offers for different regions, so it may not be identical for you, but if it is your first time, you should certainly be able to sign up for a free chunk. Uh, which I certainly did. If you're a student, then you may also qualify for, uh, Azure for students, and that gets you more credits. So definitely look out for that. And when you're done, you will come into the portal, which is where we will go next. Before we go there, just to give you some some Azure basics that you'll see when we go in there that there is you have an account which is which is the whole thing. Within that you have subscriptions like like Azure for students or something, but some kind of subscription which you have your credit card against, uh, like, like your billing boundary. And then under that you have a resource group, which is how you sort of organize things into logical groupings. We're just going to have one and it's going to be called Cyber Analyzer RG for resource group. And under that you have individual resources like we will have container apps. Uh so these are the the things subscription resource group and resources for you to look out for. And let's go in and check that out. Now we're also going to be looking at the cost management. So I'm going to start by clicking on Portal.azure.com so that we can get started. And here it goes. And it's coming in. It's working. And there we are. Now the first time you come in uh, confirm your email address. I'm not going to do that. Uh, the first time you come in, the way that you log in, it has a. Oh, look at that. I have 195 credit remaining, so I got my $200 of credit. This is what the dashboard looks like. Let me make that a bit bigger for you. You're familiar with the AWS dashboard. This is the Azure one. It's also got this search box up here which looks very familiar. It's got these services down here which are similar to before so that it looks different. But there's aspects in common which should be familiar to you. But this is your portal home for Azure. Uh, the way that it works, at least at least for me, is that I don't have a password. It's linked to my email, so it sends a link to my email that I link to show that I'm logged in as a passwordless flow, which is which is convenient. So if you're confused, well, you didn't have to enter a password. It's probably because of that. Anyway, let's set up the cost management. Even though you've got a free tier, hopefully we still want to make sure we've got alerts so that we stay on top of our costs. So we start by clicking in the search box right here. And we're going to go to Cost Management which uh, hopefully this is this is seeming very similar to you. It's very similar to AWS. Uh, but this time we look in this left sidebar here and we're going down to budgets. Budgets is where you set up the budgeting, the alerts that you want against different budget spend. Uh, and you can see I've set up a few here already. You won't have any um, the scope is for, for the full account I'm going to press add. And this is where I set up a budget. I want this to be we have to give it a unique name. Again very familiar with AWS. Let's call it monthly budget two because I think I've already got one. Yes. There we go. Uh, reset period. Make that monthly. That means that this will track every single month you'll spend. There's a creation date when this is effective from there's an expiration date. So these things expire. So, uh, it is important to, to keep an eye on this. Uh, I'm going to put this one right out there. I don't want this to expire anytime soon and recognize that that means that this will have a lifetime, and you need to have appropriate controls in place to make sure you do something once this budget has expired and you're no longer tracking it. And let's put in a $10 monthly budget is what we are concerned about. We want to make sure that we don't spend $10 a month. And with that, I press next. Okay, so now we set up our alerts. Like in what situations do we want to get emailed. Well, let's say we want to get emailed if we spend 50% of our budget. And we also want to get emailed if we spend 100% of our budget for sure. And in addition, at the point at which the forecasted amount is 100% of our budget, we also want to be alerted then to and I want it to send alerts to me at my email address. And as before, remember you got to get this email address right. Uh, this this is such an important, uh, line of defense. Uh, it appears to. Or we can leave the language at default. Um, and, uh, this is setting up our appropriate budgeting. So I press create. It's doing its thing. And this is making sure that we now have some controls in place, uh, to monitor our budget. But this should not replace your need to come back and check in Asia, as we will do at the end of this session to check the costs that you've incurred. It's your responsibility to manage your spend. It should, of course, be tiny and well within. Of course, the, the, uh, the free credits that you've got for your, your exploration with Asia. But you want to make sure that you're staying within that comfortably and you have to come back and check that regularly yourself. But for now, we've set up budget alerts, which is an important step, and we can move on with Asia. Okay, so back to the instructions. We've followed the cost management. There's some different description of percentages here. You should choose whatever that you like. It's time for us to make our first resource group. You remember that's the top level kind of construct under your account is are these resource groups. And you do that by going in the portal to the, the what they call the hamburger menu, selecting resource Groups and create. And what we're going to do is we're going to create a resource group. I've already created it. So you'll see that it's called Cyber Analyzer resource Group RG and choose the region that's closest to you. It's got regions just like AWS, and there is in the US and East and West. There's Europe, there's Asia. Uh, and you do need to remember the region and make sure everything is consistent. So let's go in and do that now. Okay. So we go to the hamburger menu and we go to resource groups. And here we go. You can see I've already got my resource group right there. There's a create button. That's the one that you will press. You'll create the resource group and follow the instructions. Get the right region. Uh, keep it under the the the the. If we go here, you'll see that there only is the one subscription. Keep it under that subscription. Give it a name like our name. And then that will be done. You will be, uh, you will have created your first resource group. And when you go to resource groups, you should see Cyber Analyzer RG in there. And if you click on it, uh, up will come that resource group looking just like that and nice and empty. That is where we are with our first and for today our only resource group in Azure. And next we have to install the command line interface for Azure just like we had AWS that interface. Remember we did AWS configure. To set it up we have to install one for Azure. And there is a simple installation instruction for Mac people. You can either use brew if you have homebrew, or you can download the installer. And you can do the same for windows PC types. Uh, we have the way that you can install, uh, just here. So that's the installation instructions for both. And once you've done that, if we bring up a terminal window I can go a Z or Z if you're American minus one version. And there we have it. Uh, we have Azure CLI. I have version 2.76.0. You might have a more recent version. And then we can connect to the CLI by typing AZ login. It will then open up a browser and you'll have to authenticate. And then you'll come back and you'll be done which I've already done. And, uh, then, uh, this this is just taking you through some quick things to, to to check. But we are just going to do this one here AZ account list minus minus output table. This should work. There we go. It shows the subscription that I've got called Azure Subscription one. And with its ID. And now we can do group lists. This is to show the resource groups. We should have one called Cyber Analyzer. Let's see. Here it is. We've got one resource group called Cyber Analyzer RG. And it's successful. So hopefully you're seeing the same. You've got one subscription under which there is one resource group. And that means with that that we are set up with Azure. It's I think that it's a little bit easier to set up than AWS was. It was pretty quick. Hopefully you found it that way too. We're now ready to actually deploy our app on Azure Container Apps. Coming up next.

@@@END_BATCH
