@@@LECTURE 68 :: Day 1 - Deploying AI Apps to Azure with Terraform Infrastructure as Code
Okay. So back in the week three folder we're going down to day one part two. We're in the home stretch. The last part for today. So we begin with a quick terraform. Check that it's installed. Open up a new terminal and type Terraform version. There we go. Terraform is installed and otherwise download it. And next up we're going to set the environment variables in this shell so that they are loaded in from the dot EMV file. There we go I've loaded mine in. There's a mac version and a windows version right here Mac or Linux. And now I've loaded the open AI key and the Semgroup app token into my shell. And you can run this echo if you want to prove it, but I'm quite sure that I've got them in. All right. Next up we're going to start by going into the Azure directory in Terraform. So CD Terraform. And I should show you actually before I go into Azure let me just show you this is the Terraform directory. It's got an Azure and it's got a GCP directory for tomorrow the Azure directory. It has a few of these uh git ignored files which are the the internal state of Terraform if you remember. And then it's got a main terraform and a terraform. You're now somewhat familiar with these. Let's just quickly take a look at it. So this is something which is setting up the providers, uh, which you remember sets up the providers. And then it sets up some resources, uh, the Azure Container Registry. Does that sound familiar? I hope so. Sounds like the Elastic Container Registry, does it not? And then we're going at Provider Docker. Now this is something a bit different here this time. You remember when we first did this we wrote a script which called Docker to package up what we were working with. Well you can also do this with Terraform. And so this time we don't have a script at all. We're using Terraform to run the docker command. And you'll note this super important line right here, which was the thing I focused on in week one, which is that when you build the Docker image, you need to make sure you build it for the right target platform. And particularly if you're working on a mac, it will cause you problems if you don't give this. But it's a good practice for everything. And then we're also setting up some log analytics and a container app environment, building these resources and then the Azure Container app. And so I'm just giving you this teaser for, for the right, uh, terraform that I've got here. You should look through this in your own time and satisfy yourself with what's going on. Do some googling and learn a bit about what's happening. And, uh, here are the outputs. By the way, you remember before we had outputs in a separate file. But as I told you, Terraform just squashes everything together anyway, so there's no harm in putting the outputs right in the same file, the app URL, the ACR login server, the the container registry, and the resource group the outputs. And over here the variables project name, location, resource group, open API key, grab app token and Docker image tag. Um, okay. So that is the Terraform script setup. And as I say, go through it, do some research, look it up. Uh, satisfy yourself that this makes sense. So anyways, back here again we now CD into Azure, which is the directory we were just looking at. So we are now in Terraform in Azure. And we can initialize Terraform. Remember that the commands are terraform init terraform apply uh and then terraform destroy at the end of it. Uh but we are going to start by doing terraform init. That's good. Nice successful message. And we're now going to select this workspace. So we say Terraform workspace. And I'm not actually going to do this new command. You should do this new command. But I've done it before. This is not my first rodeo. So I'm uh I'm going to just do the select Azure. Select Azure Terraform Workspace. Show. Show. This tells me which workspace am I in? I am in Azure. That's just as well. Okay. And now it's time to log in to the Azure CLI. And and then make sure that we've, we've got everything set up. I'm just going to explain about resource providers in just a second. So let me do a AZ login. And it brings me over to this. This is where I sign in with my account. Uh, and I'm already logged in. So that all worked great. Let me just move this window. So you see, it just popped this up, and it it would have had me do a login flow if I weren't already logged in. So now when I come back here, I am logged in, and you can see that all of that worked nicely. Uh, and I can also do this Azure account show minus minus output table. Uh oh. Hang on. Sorry. Oh, I have to select. I didn't see that it was saying enter a number. Number one is what I was meant to do. Sorry. So when you do that AZ log in you then have to select which subscription you want to be logging into. We only have one, so you do one. Uh, and uh, hope that made sense to you. And now I can do this. There we go. And all looks good. Uh, that is showing as your subscription one. My only subscription, which is what I am logged in as. So again, when you do a login, it will redirect you to a web page or bring up for you to log into Azure if you're not already logged in. And then you'll come back here and find you've been returned to this screen. It's going to ask you to select one of your subscriptions. Probably like me, you only have one and that's the one you pick. And then you are in. All right. And then we're just going to talk for a second about resource providers. So you may remember in AWS when we were getting access to things like being able to use Lambda or S3, the way we did it was by controlling the permissions of our IAM user, which had access to the, to the console. Uh, and so that was the process that we went through to give access. This is a somewhat analogous process. It's thought of differently in Azure, and the way it works is by enabling the services as Azure resources. So, um, once, uh, you need to explicitly register resource providers. And then once you've done that, you can then create resources of that type in that particular subscription. So it's like it's it's as it says here. It's like a one time setup. You do it once to say that this subscription is allowed, for example, to create container apps. And that's how how it how it works. And as it says, doing that is free. You only pay when you actually use the resources. So I actually think this is a simpler construct than the IAM permissions. I understand that IAM is super powerful and gives you so much flexibility, but this this level of granularity feels more workable to me. You have subscriptions. Within subscriptions, you enable different resource providers and then you can go ahead and do that, create containers. So that's what we do right now. So these commands are going to to enable just that. Let me bring back our terminal um AZ provider register Microsoft app and then this that, that gave us access to the container apps. This gives us access to the log analytics. And now we can just check that we have that oops check that we have that access. This could take a few minutes. Registered. Uh, I already had access because I've done this before, but I'm pretty sure the first time I did it, it did take like a minute or two before this came through and said registered for both, but now it says it right away. There we go. It says 1 to 2 minutes the first time, and they must both show registering for you to be ready to go ahead. Now actually this next command is a new one I haven't told you about before. Terraform plan. Terraform plan tells you what would be created if you did Terraform apply without actually doing Terraform apply. So it's sometimes worth doing just to. Just just to understand what happens. And you can see we're passing in two variables which get set as variables you might have seen were declared in variables, the OpenAI API key and the Semgroup app token. And we're setting them from our environment variables. And we a moment ago set those environment variables from our env file. Hope that all connects the dots for you. All right so there's the Terraform plan command running right now to tell us okay Terraform when we do an apply what are you going to do. So open this up and it's apply. And there we go. So it lists out here what are the things. What are the resources that it will create. Uh it says it will create uh, for example a container app environment and a container registry and uh, log analytics, a Docker image. Uh, and, uh, I was hoping to see where I probably missed it up here somewhere. Let's find it. And the container app, that is the main one that will be created. And you can see a lot of this as known after apply. So this gives you a good sense of what will be created when we run, uh, the, the the next command. Well, there we go. It tells us what we should see. And we're then going to run Terraform. Apply to actually make this happen. Okay. So here we go. I'm going to run Terraform. Apply. Copy that. Come down here. Paste. Run. Let's see what happens. See what happens when we run Terraform. Apply. It's going to again give us this plan and prompt us to say yes. If we're happy with this, which we are. Yes. And off it goes. Now it does its thing. Resources are being created. And of course, all of this is possible through the Azure console. And in some ways it is a good practice, just as we did with AWS to put yourself through, going through and doing this the manual way. But these days with Terraform, it's not necessary. Uh, you can make it do its thing all through the magic of Terraform. So we'll let it do its thing. It's probably going to take a minute or two, and I will see you on the other side.

@@@LECTURE 69 :: Day 1 - Deploying AI Agents with MCP Servers to Azure Container Apps
And welcome to the other side. Here we are. The Terraform apply has completed and an Azure Container app has been deployed. And here is its URL. Let's command and click into here and open and up comes a cyber Security analyst. It looks very familiar to us, but this time the only big change is the URL, which of course is showing Azure Container apps. All right open Python file and select airline.py and open. And there it is. And now press Analyze code. So again this is this is running on the cloud. This is deployed to Azure. The container that this is running in is now spawning an MCP server. So it's, it's uh running uh Semgroup MCP container over standard IO on that box in this container. And that is then going to connect to Semgroup using our token. And it's then going to run analysis on this code, bring back results. And our agent is going to use that to come up with its analysis of our code, potentially adding in some of its own thoughts as well. And I tried to drag along that sentence so that it would be done by the time I finished and I wasn't successful. It's taking a bit of time, but hopefully fingers crossed this is there we go. It's a sem grep found for issues and I identified one issue. That's great. Let's expand this a little bit and have a look. And we see the familiar issues. There they are. This is working. We have deployed successfully to Microsoft Azure. And you'll see nicely here that we have one running on my local box as just a front end back end. We have one running on my local box in a container in a Docker container. And this is when that Docker container has been deployed to Azure and is running the same way, including running the MCP server. That is success. And I hope that you are looking at this too. And so now back in cursor. We're just going to finish off the instructions by going back to the Azure portal to see what's being created. Go into the Azure portal. Here we go. I'm already logged in, I think, so it'll take me straight through to the dashboard screen that you get. I'm going to go to resource groups. I'm going to click on my only resource group, Cyber Analyzer. And here are the new Azure objects that we've created. The resources we've got cyber analyzer itself a container app container apps environment and the registry. If we go into logs, you get into this very advanced component where you can set up different ways of monitoring the, the app. And, and you have to build it like a query. Not not in classic, but you go into activity log and there's a lot of advanced tooling around searching for queries. That's not how we'll do it. There is a simpler way to do it. Go back to resource groups. Back in here again, we'll look actually at our cyber analyzer itself the container app. Click on that. Up it comes. Here it is. It's running. It's in East us under this subscription. That's the URL. If we want to bring it back up again the environment. And that's the link to where we just were. What we're going to do is we're going to come down to the left here under monitoring there's a option log stream. We come up with this. And for the display we're going to go historical. And we get to see the logs coming out of our application in the last hour in this case. And you'll see that it's run something. You can see the log messages as it calls Semgroup Semgroup CLI. This is the spawned MCP server within our app container, within our Docker container, running Semgroup and finding, uh, the vulnerabilities that it wants to, to respond to. Uh, and uh, back comes the results and it finishes the server process and back comes the results, uh, to our agent. So it's pretty cool to go in here and see these log messages happening within Azure. And you can also see them real time and then run your agent and see it happening, uh, while while it runs. And that that is us looking on the portal at, at the results of our deployment. And when we're talking about logs, there's a completely different place we can go that's also very useful indeed. And it's got nothing to do with Azure. You may remember that when we were writing the code for the agent, I wrapped it in a context manager with trace so that logging information is reported. The OpenAI agents SDK framework. For people familiar with this, maybe it comes with an observability framework called traces, and it also allows you to to hook that up to popular observability frameworks like MLflow and Lang views. But we can just use the one that comes out of the box with OpenAI agents SDK that's built into the OpenAI platform called traces. And here it is. And you can see the security researchers that have been running, whether it's on my local box at a couple of different configurations or whether it's deployed to Azure. And if we click into this, we can see the traces, the observability we get from running this on the cloud. And you'll see, lo and behold, the Semgroup scan was run. This is the MCP server. And we'll see the input that went into it. And we can see the output, the results from Semgroup giving us the information that we wanted. And that was then used by our agent to come up with the response that we were expecting. Uh, that we that we got back, uh, and so this this is a super important activity. This is this is where observability meets cloud deployment, using tooling like OpenAI's traces. That gives you that deeper insight into what's happening in your agent workflow, along with the logs coming from your container environment. And finally, it's important to come into the Azure portal and go and look at costs. So cost management again up comes cost management. You can also type cost management in the search bar up here. Uh here we are in the cost management section of Azure. One quick thing to do is to click on budgets to look at the budgets we set up earlier. You only set up one. I've got a few that are all I think the same thing. But you see a little progress bar that shows you how far you are going towards that budget. You might have set yourself maybe $10 like me, or maybe $2, uh, and you can look into the spend there. If you go into cost analysis under Reporting and Analytics, there's much more detailed screens here. There's things that you can look at an accumulated cost, um, a, uh, subscriptions. Visualize your cost and daily costs. Let's go into daily costs. And this is going to show me charts of day by day how much I am spending on my Azure infrastructure. And you can see that each day I'm spending $0.17. And this has been running for all of this month because I kicked off the cyber analyzer a month ago and I left it running, which is, uh, since I didn't use it that time is probably not a smart idea. Uh, but, uh, there it's been running and I had stopped it, and now it's running again. And this gives you a sense of your costs, which are probably all going towards your free credits that you've already got as part of your new account. But anyway, keep an eye on them, make sure they're what you expect. And if you've spent a few cents today, then now would be a good time for us to talk about bringing down the environment, which we will do next. And so here we are back in Casa again. And now we're going to destroy our Terraform environment by running the same command. And obviously in the same, uh, command prompt where I've loaded my environment variables and I have the Azure workspace selected. Or you can just repeat those commands from earlier and I run, Terraform, destroy to bring down the environment and free up the resources or let it do its thing and see you in a second. And of course, I had to press yes, type it out or all three letters for it to start the destruction. And it then actually took quite a long time. I think it took about 8 or 9 minutes to destroy all this. So. So don't worry if it takes a long time. It it appears to destroy, but it has destroyed. That has been successful. And now, one more time, let's go back to the portal to check. And here I am back in the Azure portal. I'm going to go to resource groups up here. And there is an a cyber analyzer resource group there. But when we open it up, we are pleased to see that it's completely empty. We didn't. We created the resource group before we even started the the Terraform stuff. So that that was just the sort of outer framework, but there's no resources within it. They got destroyed properly and so we won't be spending anything. Uh, hopefully you have the same experience. And this just goes to show how easy it is to use Terraform to bring up and bring down environments like that. Remember how hard it was through the AWS console? We haven't even had to do that with Azure. And that's a wrap to the day one of week three. We got an awful lot done. We we built a cyber security app, or at least it was pre-built. But we did a quick tour through it and hopefully a lot of it made sense to you because it's quite similar to the other apps we built. We ran it locally, we ran it in a container locally, and then we use Terraform to deploy it to Azure. After setting up an Azure account and going through all of that, and it uses an MCP server, and just as an extra bonus, we even went into the observability framework that traces framework in OpenAI to see that the MCP server was called. And we also saw that in the log messages, both in the Docker container locally and when it was deployed to Azure as well. So that's a lot to get done on day one of week three. Congratulations. That means you are 55% on the way through the journey. More than halfway. We are well on our way towards production expertise. See you tomorrow for Google Cloud Platform.

@@@LECTURE 70 :: Day 2 - Setting Up GCP Infrastructure for Production AI Agent Deployment
Well, a fabulous welcome to week three, day two, which is a continuation of week three, day one before we change topics. But this time of course, we are talking about GCP, Google Cloud Platform, and we are going to be doing the same as before, the cyber security project that will be deploying on GCP with its own MCP server. And uh, that's hopefully, hopefully maybe famous last words. It's going to be a quicker day than yesterday because we've done all the groundwork already this week. Since we've got a container and it's running, this should just be a matter of deploying. Uh, so again, just to recap on this is this is day two of the two days. Uh, it's got something for everyone. We've got the, the the cloud engineering part of it, which for today is going to be about GCP deployment. It's we're not using GitHub actions, but by all means you could add that in as a little extra. We are going to be using our cyber analyst project that we work with yesterday that you now know well. And the AI again we're going to be using OpenAI agents SDK. We're going to be using an MCP server for the Cyberskills. And also as we saw yesterday, we can just take a look at the observability framework traces to be able to monitor our agent activity in production. All right. Let's get to it. It all starts with me again showing you the little slide about cloud services. You remember the five different types server traditional server infrastructure as a service, the platform container, container orchestration and then serverless. And of course AWS. That's EC2, Beanstalk, app runner, ECS or EKS and Lambda. And you're now somewhat familiar with Azure because we work with Azure Container Apps ACA. But also these are the other equivalent components services, virtual machines, App Service and then AKS and Azure Functions. So what's it like in GCP land. Here we go. So the server side is known as GCE or Google Compute Engine. The platform side is called Google App Engine or just App Engine. The, uh, the container piece is called Google Cloud Run. Cloud run. Kubernetes one. The container orchestration is called GKE, Google Kubernetes Engine. And then the the functions are called cloud functions. And as you probably remember well, what we're doing today is all about the container deployment, which is often the simplest way to start. It works particularly well when you have MCP servers because they can be spawned within the container. And it's really great for quick deployments because once you've got the container working locally, it should just be a matter of Terraform apply to push that out to the cloud. So with that let's go back to cursor and talk GCP. And so here we are in the cyber repo again in cursor. Hopefully you have that cloned and open. And we're going to expand the week three folder. And we're going now to day two, part one. There are only our two parts today setting up GCP and then actually going and running it. So again we're going to be going through much a similar process to Azure. We're going to set up an account if you don't already have a GCP account. And you can get a free trial hopefully by going to Google Cloud.google.com. That's where you begin all of this. And uh, this link Cloud.google.com might work for you. Let's go there now. So I'm going to go to that Cloud.google.com free. It comes up, uh, it gives you this, this sort of screen to give you information about their free tier. It's, uh, $300 of free credit is what it's showing me here. Hopefully you get the same deal. Uh, press start Free, and it's going to have you start by signing up to Google Cloud, and you'll then go through a few screens. And that includes needing to enter in a credit card number, I believe, just to set it up. Uh, but it won't charge you as it will inform you. And be sure to to give it the information you need and take the cues. Uh. I had a bit of difficulty when I signed up for this free account, because I had an existing Google Workspace account already, like for email that I was using, and so I had to jump through a couple of hoops and needed an LLM to help me. Hopefully that doesn't happen to you. I think that's that's a that's probably rare because of my specific setup. I think you'll find it'll be quite easy to sign up for a new Google Cloud account and get in, but once you've done so, you should arrive at a at like the console landing page, which is console.cloud.google.com. And that is where we will go next. So actually just before we go to Console.cloud.google.com, which is where you will have been redirected to, let me just take a moment to walk you through Gcp's structure. It's similar to Azure, but it is a bit more deeply nested. So it's important to understand the terminology. The different the different levels and GCP can be quite complicated. I gotta tell you. Uh, okay. So, uh, gcp's hierarchy has these, like five levels to it. The top is your Google account, which is like like your Gmail, your Google Workspace. Some people call it that. That is your Google account at the top. Then there is a potentially something called organization under that which you may have if you're if you're doing this as part of a of a company with, with a Google setup, then you have a billing account. And that is one particular payment method. And then there are projects associated with that billing account and resources associated with the projects. So in some ways project is quite similar to a resource group in Azure. And billing account uh is is obviously somewhat similar to a subscription. So there's definitely parallels here. Uh, and uh, there's a little bit more to it explained just there. So what we're now going to do is go to the console and go to the, uh, project drop down to create a new project, which is going to be Cyber Analyzer with everything else as default. Let's go do that now. So up here is the projects tab. You can see I already have a project called Cyber Analyzer of course because I already created it. But when you click on here it brings up the projects and there's a new project button at the top here. This is where you give it the name Cyber Analyzer, which you already saw there. Keep it in your organization and location and then press create to set that up. I won't do it again. I won't set up a second cyber analyzer. But that's of course what I did to get to this point. All right. Next up we have to associate billing with this project. So with the project selected in this project selector up here, you go to the hamburger menu on the left. And you choose billing. And this is where you associate the project with a billing account, which is a little bit confusing the first time you do it and you do it there. I already have a billing account called Free Trial Account. It has like a name and so on. But you as following the instructions here, uh, as you were prompted on that screen the first time you come in, it should be clear how you're prompted to link this, to link this project to this billing account, so that when you're set up, you then see, uh, my billing account here. And it's very clear that the billing account that you're set up to is your free trial account. Um, and, uh, so you should get to this point, which is I've got lots of zeros on it, which I like to see. Uh, and it shows that I have my $300 credit with now 62 days remaining on it, I better I better spend them. And, uh, you've got many of the, the familiar kinds of settings right here. But let's now set up some budgets. So setting up budgets is particularly easy in GCP. And it's going to be very easy for you because it's similar to Azure. So as I said we've gone to to the hamburger menu. We've gone to billing and we've selected the billing account which is the only billing account that we've got set up, which is the one that we did in associated with our project. And here it is. And at the overview tab, you get an immediate view on what you've spent. Towards in this case, our $300 free trial. I haven't spent very much of it, it seems. Uh, but this is where you go to keep a healthy eye on your costs. We're going to go to Budgets and alerts. And you can see here this is where you set up alerts. You should have budgets. You will have nothing here. But you will after you press Create Budget and we give it a name and we'll call it monthly budget three. But you don't need to call it three. It's just I've made a few of them. Uh, time range, we'll say monthly. Uh, we will apply it to everything. All projects, all services, all organizations. Next we press the next button to give it an amount. The amount that we'll give, we'll say it's a specified amount of $10. And it appears right there. Next. And now we can set up what triggers an email alert. We're going to say 50% of actual, 90% of actual and 100% of actual any of those situations. We want to get an email. We'll also add another threshold, which will be 100% of the forecast when our forecast is showing that we will spend that amount. Let's get an email there. Let's have that email billing admins and users and press finish to create that. We've just created that in there as well. And let's just check we have everything set up right on this left here. Come down to account management for your billing management. And here you can see that I've got a my first project and the cyber analyzer project that we're about to set up together. And if I come over here to the right, this is where I can see the the billing account administrator. It is indeed my email. Uh, and, uh, you can come on in here and edit this should you need to, to make absolutely sure you've got the right email address, the right contact. Your budgets are set up. You'll be able to be emailed if you ever spend anything material. And you can also always come to overview, as you should regularly, to keep a close eye on the costs associated with your account.

@@@LECTURE 71 :: Day 2 - Setting Up Google Cloud CLI for Production AI Container Deployment
We're now going to install the Google Cloud CLI command line interface, much as we did for Azure and for AWS before that. So there's install instructions for windows, Mac and Linux. It's the usual stuff. Hopefully you'll quickly be able to do that. And then we bring up a new terminal and we're going to run gcloud init. Let's do that new terminal g cloud init. And off it goes. Welcome. This will take you through the process of installing configuring gcloud. Do we want to reinitialize the current configuration. Yep. We might as well do that. Uh, okay. Um, so we want to select an account. Now it shows me here, um, those two accounts, but I find I think it's easier to do option three. Sign in with a Google account. So it opens this up. That way I can just go through my Google credentials in my browser and not have to do anything. So I'm going to type out my password and I'll be right back when I've done that. Okay. Now press next and it comes and say allow. And we're now authenticated. Go back here and this is done. So, uh, it now says pick a cloud project to use. And obviously we want to use project number one, the cyber analyzer. Uh, so that is now set up. We have done Google init. We are logged in to the uh, the, the uh cyber analyzer project, which is set. And uh, also if you're prompted for a default region, then follow these instructions to okay, okay. Next let's just go through some typical CLI commands. This first one will explain our current configuration. Let's try that. Uh so we are account is my account. That's good. And the project is the project and we're in US central one. Excellent. Let's list all available projects. List them out. There they are. I've got some other things that I messed around with in the past, but Cyber Analyzer is right there, which is great. The current project, presumably this is going to work as well and just give us Cyber Analyzer, we hope. Let's see. It does just give us cyber analyzer. Jolly good. And now this one just to test the API. Uh, a bunch of different services that are enabled. Uh, very good. And now we're just going to ask to enable specific APIs that we may use. So we're just going to run this here. And importantly, of course this is running something called uh, run Google APIs, which is cloud run, our ability to run containers and container registry. Uh, and that's something which, uh, is also, uh, should, should sound familiar to you. And then something called cloud build, uh, which, which is, as it says, there will, will allow us to build containers. And so we have now got our account set up and ready, and we are ready to move forwards with actually building our container.

@@@END_BATCH
