@@@LECTURE 95 :: Day 2 - Building Multi-Agent Financial AI Systems with Context Engineering
Welcome everyone to an epic day. Let's get straight into it. Today is the first of our two days looking at the capstone project in anger, and we are going to be building ourselves some agents, a reminder of what it is we're building. We're building Alex, the name of our Agentic Learning Equities explainer, a financial planner, a SaaS commercial application. What we've done, you know, last week we did our research agent. And this week yesterday we built out our database with the schema that we went through. User has many accounts, account has many positions. And each position is in an instrument. And we also have jobs which are things that can run to to orchestrate all of our agent activity. So today is the day that we build out the five agents at the heart of our Agentic AI platform. And as a reminder of the architecture, this was the quite busy diagram that I showed you. And it's not the whole story. It's not showing things like the Secrets manager and API gateways and stuff like that. But this is showing the big building blocks. The blue squares are our agents running on Lambda. That's what we're going to be building this time. And then tomorrow we're going to build out the yellow squares on the top left, the front end and back end API part of the puzzle. But for right now, we're going to be building out those blue squares. And of course we're going to need to to connect it to bedrock and to the Aurora serverless database that we built yesterday. All right. With that, let's get to the lab right away. And most of today is going to be in the lab. And the first thing I'm going to do is talk a bit about something, a new concept that's become so important in the last couple of months, which is the idea of context engineering, which is fundamentally what drives our agent architecture. Let's go to cursor and let's talk about context engineering. And so here we are back in cursor back in the Alex folder I'm going to open up guides. I'm going to go to six agents and open the guide in preview mode. The AI Agent orchestra. The most exciting part of building Alex a multi-agent AI system five agents. We're going to be building a planner, tagger, uh, reporter, charter and retirement. As I explained last time in this diagram here shows them all together. The planner, the tagger, writer, reporter, charter and retirement. Um. And, uh, yeah, make sure that you cover all of the prerequisites. So before we get into this, I want to say a few words about this idea. Context engineering, which was originally made famous by a few people. But but the the amazing Andrej Karpathy tweeted plus one for context engineering which got got people most excited about it. But this is a a new way of thinking. Um, and a Google DeepMind engineer called Philip Schmidt wrote a seminal post about it that really did the rounds. Uh, he's part of their Devrel team, so he's responsible for, for, uh, working with developers on AI research. And let's read his blog post and learn a bit more about what it means, uh, to work on context engineering. So a year ago, the term of the moment was prompt engineering. And everyone wanted to be a prompt engineer. And that became old hat when people discovered that prompt engineering was just saying things like, please explain, please think step by step in your prompts. And there were various acronyms that came up. And then it turned out it didn't make all that much difference. And you just have to write prompts clearly. Uh, but the the new the new skill, as it says right here in this blog post, make it a little bit bigger. The new skill is not prompting it's context engineering. And what this this blog lays out is that what matters when you're working with Agentic systems is what you put in the prompt, or more and more particularly, what context you give the agent with which to solve its problem with which to carry out its task. And that can be a combination of a system prompt instructions. It can be what we call long term memory, which is basically Rag. It's giving it access to search in a vector data store and find information that that it's put there in the past, which of course we've done through the researcher agent. It's using tools. It's also using a short term memory which can be just the history of the conversation. or it can be something about the different agent interactions it's had. Uh, it can be a number of, of tools that you equip your agent to have, and then the task itself, the user prompt. Um, and so all of this together in aggregate, forms the context that an agent has. And you really want to think about organizing your agent activities to maximize the context that you're giving each agent to perform a task. And that's the right mindset to have in. And it's explained really very well here. And it's not important to get hung up on these different terms like long term memory and and short term memory. It's really comes back again to thinking about what what performance what is the task you're assigning to this LM call? How will you measure success and what's the best way to shape the the context, the information and the tooling to make sure that it's most likely to deliver an outcome that performs well, that meets your criteria. So it covers here are some examples. And and really let me just read this out. Uh, building agents is less about the code you write or the framework you use. I love that he says this because the number of people that ask me which framework should I use? And and this is so key. It's not important. The difference between a cheap demo and a magical agent is about the quality of the context you provide. And then he works through some examples and an example of a magical agent that's given the right kind of context and tools to be able to do well. Uh, and then this section from prompt to context engineering, uh, which, which really takes you on that journey of we're no longer just focusing on crafting the perfect set of instructions. This is a much broader kind of task. And let's read his definition. Context engineering is the discipline of designing and building dynamic systems that provides the right information and tools in the right format, at the right time, to give an LM everything it needs to accomplish a task that's finally put. And I would very much encourage you to to read through all of this. Uh, and uh, also you can, you can Google search to see some, some other posts about context engineering that have been popular. But this, this one I think is, is the gem. And so do study this carefully. And while we're here, I actually just noticed that today, uh, Phil posted another blog post that looks very interesting and and topical for us. Uh, for me, today is September the 15th. Uh, and, uh, Rise of Subagents is the name of this, this post. And he says there's increasing use of subagents to reliably handle specific user goals. So and he mentions Claude Cove, which we talked about a minute ago. Uh, and yeah. So Subagents is what some people are calling when you have a multi-agent system and an agent with a single loop, and you're equipping that agent with a single loop with smaller agents to carry out different tasks. And so he gives an example of this. He gives a nice little diagram, uh, and he talks about the pros and cons, which, uh, yeah, definitely. There's a trade off there. It's not clear that it's always a good idea to do it. And he's got a really nice thing in the, um, in the conclusion. But even with the Subagent architecture, reliability is still a challenge for agentic systems. Breaking down a complex task into smaller subagent functions can make them simpler. But then he ends with saying don't overengineer a solution today that are simpler or better model can solve tomorrow. Sage advice. So not only read the the the context engineering blog post, but I would just take a look at this one two and maybe even bookmark this page because he's full of useful stuff. And since I mentioned looking online for more about this, I will just say Simon Willison is a wonderful writer to follow. His blog is another It's gold. Uh, and he mentions here context engineering and he says it's starting to gain traction and he likes it. And he gives the tweets from Andrej Karpathy right here. Plus one for context engineering over prompt engineering. Um, but generally look at Simon's blog. Lots of interesting stuff. He's famous for getting llms to draw pictures of pelicans on bikes. Uh, it's like it's almost like an in-joke of reading his blog. And I recommend it because it's wonderful.

@@@LECTURE 96 :: Day 2 - Setting Up AWS Bedrock Models and Enterprise APIs for AI Agents
I'm back in six underscore agents and previewing this guide. And the first step is to request bedrock model access. Now look for this section for the agents I wanted to use OS 120, the new open source model for OpenAI. And I did to start with. And it worked okay. And then it stopped working and I've had to redo it without OS 120. And so I will be using Amazon's Nova model range, which are very quick to request access for an extremely cheap. So I suggest you start with that. Two but the the retirement and the financial advice that we get from it is kind of, uh, so, so should you wish, should you be willing to spend a little bit more? Then I would encourage you to investigate, experiment with different models to get even more powerful answers from it. But for now, we will stick with the very cheap and very reliable and solid Amazon Nova models. So first of all, we go in to the AWS console in as our root user. Here I am as editor and I'm going to go to bedrock in the search box that you know well by now. Here we go. This is bedrock. This is the model catalog. Look, it even teases me by telling me that OSS is available. Well. Thank you. Well, we go down here to configure on the bottom left and we click Model Access. Now I noticed that you get this, this yellow sign here that says that this model access page is going away on October the 8th. And the chances are you're watching this after October the 8th, which is good because this is really lame. It's horrible. Uh, this is a really flaky UX that's hard to figure out. So hopefully you see something better. And I don't know what you see, but but I imagine it's easier to navigate. And it's an exercise for you to figure out how to request access to the models that you need, although you probably already did that last week. Uh, so anyways, what we've got here, if we have a look, is I have already requested access and got access to Anova Pro, which is the one we'll use also to the even cheaper ones and also to the fancier Nova Premier. Uh, but I won't actually use that. But but by all means, you can experiment if you wish. I also have access to Claude Sonnet four, which is a very good model indeed, but it doesn't have such good, uh, rate limiting. The rate limiting for a new account is relatively low, so it didn't work for me. I would have to have requested more, and I didn't want you to have to do that. So I won't be using Claude sonnet four. But if you do have the ability to use it, then it might well be worth an experiment. And I think that's it. So. So those are the models you will have to come in to these press model, modify model access and then check the ones you want and then press save. And then with the Nova models. Uh, honestly I got I got access as soon as I refreshed the page. But I think in theory it might take a minute or two. Um, now, just just to be safe, we're going to be using it in US West two, the region you pick up here, uh, US West two does not need to match the region of the US, uh, of the rest of your infrastructure. So you should select US West two to do this if you want to see the greatest range of models. Um, but I also I went back to US East one, and I also requested access to the same models in US East one as well, because sometimes it's a bit it's a bit hard to figure out like which region it's selecting. And I thought to keep it simple, I would just make sure I have access in both in case some of my environment variables gets gets muddled up at any point. So you might want to do the same if you want to avoid any potential region issues if the model you pick is in both regions, but otherwise I'd suggest use us West two for your models and request access. Get access to them. Wait a couple of minutes and then I will see you back in the lab. Okay, moving on to step one. So one of the things that production systems often have is, is a use significant use of enterprise APIs. And we will use an API ourselves. Right now we'll use an API to give us latest financial data. And students from my agent course will recognize this one. Well, we will use my one of my favorites polygon IO, which is a provider of market data to financial services. And it's it's great Reliable, robust API and you can do it for free. It has a free plan and a paid plan, and all you need for this course is a free plan, unless you want to be able to have live market data, in which case, by all means get the paid plan I do because I'm into that stuff. So you go to Polygon.com and this will come up this way. Modernizing Wall Street, you press create account and then you use that to set up a free account and collect your API key. Uh, and then then you come back, uh, here again and it's time for us to set up our environment, uh, file with these, these, these parameters. Now, someone might say, someone asked me, why do we use polygon? Why not use something like Yfinance, which is a free API that doesn't even need an API key? So, so Yfinance is an alternative. And if you use it yourself, you can by all means use it. But it is. It's like a it's not an official API. It takes advantage of Yahoo's unofficial API for serving ticker symbols, which isn't doesn't necessarily have an SLA, isn't supported and isn't guaranteed. So it's a great example of it's fine for a demo project, but when it comes to building production systems, every API should matter to you. And so picking something like polygon as a sort of industry standard, robust scalable API makes a lot of sense. And of course, if you were building this to be true SaaS product, you would want to have the paid plan which has decent rate limiting and so on. So with that in mind, it's time to take these and add them to your EMV file. The bedrock model ID needs to be exactly the model ID that you have access to. And here's here's the one that I've got access to us. Pro v1. It's got to be exactly that. The region where I have access to this model, the bedrock region is US West two. And so that's what I've got in here. And that is different to my default AWS region that I'm going to be using for Lambda and everything else, which is US East one for me, but it should be whatever is closest to you. So these two can be different. You don't need to have your your bedrock models served from the same region as your lambda. So you should you should pick whichever ones make most sense to you. Um, or wherever you've requested the approval for the model. Um, so be sure to get this right. Mistakes here will be hard to track down. So? So double triple check. And then for polygon you should have your free API key and put it there. And then I've got this variable polygon plan which is just the word free. If it's a free plan or change that to the word paid if it's a paid plan. And that will mean the code will switch between just cashing and doing end of day market prices and doing. If you're paying for it, it will get you intraday prices of equity tickets. So that is the setup I need you now. I've already done this but so I don't need to do it. But you need to do it. You need to go into your EMV file and put in these secrets. I will let you do that right now.

@@@LECTURE 97 :: Day 2 - Exploring Multi-Agent Architecture: Tools and Structured Outputs
So next up, what I've got is something which is a bit of an exercise for you, uh, which is going to be some, some reading. A reading assignment, as you will see. It will make sense in a second. I want to take you to the back end folder in Alex. Open it up and you'll see a number of directories here. Some of them you know very well. You already know, of course, from last week like ingest and, uh, researcher, our research agent. So those you're familiar with and you're also familiar with database because that's what we worked on yesterday. So you know these ones. But there's a bunch of them that are new. And the ones we'll look at right now are of course, charter and planner and reporter and and retirement and tagger. Those are the new the agent directories. Let's pick one. Let's, let's pick a retirement and open it up and have a look at what it contains. And what you'll find is that each of these subdirectories, each agent directory has very similar structure. So once you get the structure of one of them you've got them all. So first of all it has a Python module called Lambda Handler, and you hopefully remember that from week two. This is the Python module that will get deployed to Lambda, and which when you come into it and have a look at it, you'll see that it has a bunch of stuff, but most importantly it has lambda handler as a function. This is the function that will get called on our lambda process, on our on our lambda serverless deployment instance every time it is invoked. So that is our lambda handler function. We have a separate class called agent Pi, which is where we're putting our actual agent functionality. And I'm using OpenAI agents SDK for our agent functionality in this in this course. And I'm using that because that's my favorite. But it really doesn't matter. You could use any one. We're not using any of the clever features of OpenAI agents SDK. We're just using an agent call, an LLM call. And we're using tools, of course, and we're using structured outputs, of course. And all of the agent frameworks support that. OpenAI agents SDK integrates with bedrock via light LM, and that's how we're going to be doing it. So does crew AI. Same thing. Also uses light LM so many of these frameworks are exactly the same. And you could use any that is not important, but the code itself is in agent py. This is where is the code. There's some other stuff to do with with preparing the data. But then ultimately it's got the code that creates the agent right here. There's also a separate class called templates. And templates.py is where I've put the text that will get used in the prompts. It's the key part of context engineering that happens there along with agent py. So templates for each of these directories is where that happens. Each of them is of course a UV project in its own right. So it's got its own like UV and its own Pyproject.toml. We'll see here somewhere. And there it is. And it's got its own virtual environment in here too. And each of them has a file called package_docker.py and package docker. Um it's not it's not a Docker container. It's a Python module which is able to package up lambda into a zip file. This one is called retirement lambda zip. And it does that using a Docker container to do the packaging. And why does it use a Docker container? Because we want to make sure that we package this for a Lambda instance for for a Linux server. So we use a special Docker container to do that for us Docker image that AWS has produced. And this is something we also did in week two. So hopefully you remember this and you're like, yeah, I remember that. Uh, so this is this is a great technique I think if I remember right, yes. When we did it in week two, we had lots of scripts that we had. We had like a shell script and a PowerShell script. This time we're doing it all in Python code, which makes life easier for us because we don't need to have a windows version and a mac version. You can just run it by running this module in this UV folder. So this is possibly a better way of doing it. So these are all the different classes. And ignore observability.py for now. That's one that we'll be coming back to. Um yes you could you could pretend that's not there. So these these are the classes. And I also there's also some testing classes I'm going to come back to in a second. But first the exercise for you, the exercise is now to go into each of these folders. Look through each of the each of the five. And I want you to see how are the agents created and which of them use tools and which of them use structured outputs. And take a little note, and then we will come back in a second and uh, compare notes and see if you found that correctly. See, see which what agent does what and how they use tools and structured outputs to achieve their task by looking in the implementations of agents in each of those five directories and put me on pause. Go and do that and we'll come back in a minute to compare notes.

@@@LECTURE 98 :: Day 2 - Building Multi-Agent Financial Systems: Code Review and Architecture
Okay. How did that homework assignment go? Let's let's go through together and see if you got this right. So we'll start with one of the easiest ones I think charter. That's a pretty simple one making JSON charts. Let's have a look at the agents and have a look at this. Uh, so uh charter has this, this create agent function that gets everything set up. And basically if you look through this, you'll see that it doesn't use tools or structured outputs. If you look through this and compare it with the lambda handler, you'll see at the end of this that basically this is a really simple agent that just has instructions and a model. There's nothing. And that's because all we need this to do is to generate charts in JSON format. And we can describe that. Well, now I'll tell you, I use Claude code to generate a lot of this code. And this was an example of where Claude code did a horrible job. Claude code Massively overengineered this and built something super complex with with both tools and structured outputs and with with lots of extra complexity. And the tools were really complicated themselves, and it took me a while to figure out everything that it had done, and to pare it back to the simplicity that was needed, which was just to take some instructions and generate the right JSON, which turned out to be really easy and really reliable. So it's a great example of how you can use Llms to generate code, but you need to watch what they do carefully and critically, and they can be so confident when they generate code and generate tests and declare success. And it's up to you to go back and check. And and honestly, they often make a big meal of it. And you need to be to be aware of that and watch out for it. So I had to rewrite a bunch of this and pare it back. And that is the new charter, which is nice and simple and it works. And then you probably saw the other one that was pretty simple is retirement. If we go into retirement to Agent Pie, you'll see that there's quite a lot more here to prepare the inputs for retirement and to build like a really, uh, important context, which contains a lot of information and does like a simulation and so on. But aside from that, the agent itself is a perfectly simple agent. It doesn't have any tools and it doesn't have any structured outputs. No tools, empty tools. Uh, and that's really all that there is to this agent. Uh, and if we go back to Lambda handler, we'll see where that agent actually gets created and gets used. Uh, sorry. Back up here. Um, and, uh, yeah, there we go. It's just a retirement agent, and it takes a model and the tools are empty. And again, I will tell you, this is another example of where Claude Code went to town with this one, and I had to reel it back and make it significantly simpler. One other thing I will mention, actually, while I'm here is that, uh, the, uh, it's worth taking a quick look at the code to to integrate with bedrock. Uh, we take the bedrock region, uh, and, uh, we then this is how you you set the light level model with OpenAI agents SDK, and we pass in bedrock slash and then the model ID, and that is what we use to make sure that OpenAI agents SDK talks to bedrock. So just check out this code here if you're interested in how that works. And you need to know that AWS region name is the environment variable, that light LM expects to be your bedrock region. And all this is documented on On Light Lm's page through OpenAI agents SDK. So it's all just by following the docs, but it might be worth checking this out at some point. So as I say, this is also a simple agent. And again, Cloud Code made a meal of it. It built a tool to be called to retrieve the different, uh, Monte Carlo simulations. And I had to say to it, this is always in the context you're looking at data, that's always going to be in the context. So there's no point to have a tool. I asked the question, is there a point in having a tool that you call back and then include that in the context if you're always going to be using the tool? And the answer is no. As a side note, I have to say, as I'm, I'm a I'm a super friendly person. I'm very amiable and don't often get annoyed with people. But for some reason Claude Code brings out this monster, this demon in me. I don't know if you've had the same experience, if it's just me, but I get I get really angry with Claude code when it does something, particularly when it when it forgets and does the same mistake again. Like like making, like making a meal out of these agents. I really lost my temper. So I. Hopefully you don't have the same experience as me, but as as you'll see, some of what Claude code does is magical later. But with this stuff, it overengineered it a lot. Anyways, moving on. Next up we're going to look at tagger. And tagger is an example of one that uses structured outputs. So you can see that we've got a we create our agent our instrument tagger and we call runner run. But we pass sorry. When we're creating the agent we pass in an output type of instrument classification. And when we return result it's returned at final output as. So this is the idiomatic OpenAI agents SDK way of doing structured outputs. That's what we're using to force this model, this agent, to produce information that conforms to this JSON spec instrument classification. And if you look back up here, you will see that this this spec allows us to generate something which is going to be, uh, the perfect way to, to do things like allocate, uh, a sector against a different financial instrument. So we're going to allow, uh, the intelligence, the smarts of the model to correctly tag these different instruments. Now as to make this more efficient or have more expertise. You could of course equip it with a with with, say, a polygon IO, MCP server that would allow it to be able to to query polygon and do the looking up. That would be a pro move and should you wish to, it would be great to do that. Of course you'd have to move from this being Lambda to being app runner in order to be able to spawn that MCP server, but you know how to do that from from last week. So by all means, you could take that on as a really cool challenge. But for this, I'm just relying on the fact that Nova has enough expertise to be able to tag instruments on its own using structured outputs. And now we're going to the reporter agent. Let's go to this one. And reporter agent you'll see is one that is going to have a tool I believe. There it is. The tool is called Get Market Insights. And you might be wondering what what that tool does. Of course that's going to be the tool that's going to query our S3 vectors to get insights about what's happening in the market based on the information that our researcher is constantly writing in there. So that is the tool that we use for our reporter, and that is how we're connecting the dots of what we built last week with what we're building this week. But otherwise, this should be familiar to you using the same approach to connect to bedrock through light. LM and we're also writing our prompts that you can read through to see how this is, uh, how this is using Nova and the tool to be able to write a report about your financial prospects. And then last but definitely not least, is the planner. This is the one that brings it all together. So this has a it uses tools extensively. It has a series of uh of function tools. This is using the open AI agents SDK decorator function tool to turn a function into, into a tool that you can call. It builds the JSON blob associated with this function. And you can see that we've got these three functions that it's going to call for reporter, charter and retirement. Um, and you might have a little question for me there, but I'll come to that in just a second. You'll notice that what I've got here, I'm using this little trick, uh, I'm passing in this thing called the run context wrapper. And this is like, a little maybe this is one gimmick of OpenAI agents SDK that I'm using here, that you can you can look up, but this is a way that you can pass information around between the different functions. That's kind of like associated with the agent. And I use this to pass the job ID around so that each of the different functions we call can know the task that's being run. So it's sort of pro thing to do. There were there's easier hacky ways of doing it with globals, which is in fact how Claude did it the first time I did this, and I had to tell it tell it off angrily. Uh, but that's not the right way to do it. Uh, which I said with some cuss words to Claude. Uh, but instead you should use the the, the. This approach, which is nicely documented and is a clean way of doing it. But you don't need to get sidetracked by that. We want to focus on the deployments rather than the the nitty gritty of implementation. Uh, but other than that, you can see that these tools are set up reporter, charter and retirement. And then we go ahead and build our agent. So the thing that you're probably thinking is, okay, but those I see three agents listed here. And I thought that you said that there were four agents that the planner was calling. What's happened to tagger? And the answer is, well, actually, the way we handle that is a bit different. I will show you that now. So here's the thing. These three tools we're equipping our planner agent with is allowing it to be autonomous in its planning for the activities that the agents will take care of. It's going to figure out does it want to call the reporter? Does it want to call the charter and then the retirement planning and do it as it wishes as the overall orchestrator of this activity. In addition to this, we want to look in the database at any instruments that are missing being being tagged by things like their geography and their different types of financial instrument that they are. And we're going to want to call the tagger agent for each of them. Now that's quite a complicated loop. And it's something which feels like it should be Python code. So it makes more sense just to write that as Python code outside the scope of this runner run. Let me show you. If I go to lambda handler dot pi, I'm now in the actual in the function run orchestrator that actually runs this. And you'll see here is that the part that does the, the, the the builds the agent and then does the runner run. But before that there's this line up here that runs handle missing instruments. And that is just a Python call and handle missing instruments in and agents. If we go to handle missing instruments, it's up here somewhere. Here it is. Handle missing instruments. It's just a bunch of Python code that looks through and sees if anything needs to be tagged. And if it does need to be tagged, then it calls the tagger lambda function, which will call the tagger agent. So this is an example of an agent workflow, not an agentic AI or autonomous agent architecture. It's just an agentic workflow. We're just doing that for the tagger purposes, and it's a great example of when you have something that that is better orchestrated by code, then you should do it that way. So for the tagging of instruments, we orchestrate by code. And when it comes to the autonomous part of this, the figuring out which agent is going to do what, that part is orchestrated autonomously through tools. And if you didn't follow all that, it really doesn't matter. I just wanted to give you some insight into the decisions that I made as I built out this genetic architecture.

@@@LECTURE 99 :: Day 2 - Testing Multi-Agent Systems Locally Before Lambda Deployment
And I know you want me to hurry up and deploy this and see some action, but I think there's some really good tips and tricks here that I do want to give you some insight into. Uh, two more things to mention to you. One of them is that you'll see that I've used traces carefully everywhere. So if we come back to this here, you'll see that that, uh, when we run the orchestrator, I do it with trace. And there is the planner orchestrator. So that, um, we're always using traces, remember? That means that we're going to be able to see it in OpenAI agents SDK screens. We'll be able to trace what messages are sent to what. The other thing I wanted to mention is right here, uh, is that I'm using a very nice package called tenacity, which is a really simple, cool way to be able to decorate functions that will then automatically retry on different exceptions. So what I wanted to do is, uh, it is quite common to get rate limit errors if you call an LLM and in bedrock, and you exceed a certain number of requests per minute. And so what I've got here, just by using this decorator, is something that will automatically retry this, this run orchestrator, uh, up to five attempts. And you can see that there's like a what they call an exponential back off in terms of how long it waits each time. Tenacity is a great package for this. Another one is actually called backoff. Uh, but I'm using tenacity tenacity here, which is very popular. And, uh, this this just gives you a nice reusable way of having this kind of retry logic, which is a great thing to do, particularly with rate limit errors. I'm just doing it only if there's a rate limit error. So this is a good best practice that you should you should replicate for resilient agentic solutions in production. But there is one more thing to point out, which isn't so much about the code. It's about the whole way this thing works that that might might not be clear to you. You may already get this or not, I don't know. So normally with. With an agentic framework like OpenAI agents SDK, you would have tools to call each of the different sub agents in a multi-agent system, and you would equip your model with those tools, and then it would decide, okay, I'm going to call this tool that's going to call the other agent, which would all happen in in your Python module in your process. There's something very different here. And it's very easy to show you if the, the, uh, the planner agent chooses, for example, to use its tool, its function tool called Invoke Charter. The description is invoke the Chartmaker agent to create portfolio visualizations. What that actually does is it calls this function invoke charter. So you might think this is going to then make a call to to the other agent to to to run the charter. So let's go and look at what Invoke charter does. What invoke charter does is it makes a lambda serverless call. This is this is really the key to everything Maybe to all of this week and maybe more that we are implementing it so that the tool call that OpenAI agents SDK can make makes an external call to another lambda process, another serverless function on a different endpoint. And and that means that basically each of our agents can run a separate lambda processes that each connect to each other. Because when when the planner uses each of its tools, those tools make calls to different lambda serverless processes. And that's how our whole agent orchestra collaborates. It would be possible to build this all in one lambda and just have it be be the same way as I as I built things in the Agentic AI course, where in the same Python module you're just making calls to different agents. But if you did that, then everything would run on one lambda and it wouldn't be distributed, and it wouldn't be scalable and you wouldn't be able to to watch all of your different Lambda functions work in parallel. but this way this is the the the enterprise strength way. Each call to a different agent involves calling out to a different lambda function. So you have different lambda functions for each of your agents. I hope that that made sense. If not, go back and listen to what I just said again, because it's really important. And come back and look at the code. Look at the code in agent, dot py in planner and satisfy yourself that when it's making use of tools, it's actually calling out to different lambda functions, not just a different agent code. And this is such a critical point that I'm going to bring you back to the slide again to show you the diagram to emphasize one more time, we've been looking at the lambda function for the planner and the planner. Lambda function, you remember, has three tools reporter, charter, and retirement. And it also has some code that in a workflow like way makes multiple calls to tagger. But what you saw in that implementation is that when it makes a call, for example, to charter, it's not just directly calling the agent code for charter. Know what it's doing is it's making a serverless API call to a different Lambda to the charter Lambda. And when it calls that the Charter Lambda wakes up and it runs its agent code. So each of these agents are running on separate different serverless endpoints. And each of them are able to to respond separately to requests and process them. And as planner orchestrates these different calls, it's calling out to different lambda functions. And that that is such an essential point, which is why I'm belaboring it. And it's really a big ingredient. This takes us from the kinds of agent projects that were in my Agentic AI course, when everything was running in one Python instance to this, to to in one Python process, to this kind of setup where we are calling across different process boundaries to different serverless endpoints as our agents collaborate to solve planner's business problem. Okay, that's enough chit chat. We're going to get to action. Let's now go into each of these directories. We'll take a look at these. You'll notice that in each of them there are two test files in common. Test Simple and test full. And test simple is the one that is just going to do a simple local test of this code before we even deploy it. So let's give that a whirl right now. So I'm going to come in to Alex. I'm going to go into back end I'm going to start with the let's let's start with the tagger a nice and simple one. And we're going to run this. Remember this is the one that uses structured outputs to classify an instrument like IBM stock or Google stock and classify it by things like its region and the asset class and stuff like that. Let's run our first test. So here we go. I'm going to do a UV run test simple dot pi. And we run it. We're hoping to see that we're going to testing the tagger agent. It's using OpenAI agents SDK. It's going to try and classify the Vanguard Total Index, a very standard fund that people have in their portfolios. It's running bedrock US. Amazon Nova Pro and that's all looks great. It's, uh, hopefully going to come back with some results. And it finished. Uh, so it got a VCR classified as an ETF that was tagged and saved in the database. So we just had a successful test run of the tagger. All right. Next up we're going to go and try out the uh let's try the retirement one that's going to give us some retirement advice. Let's do UV run test simple and see what happens here. Uh so this is again it's going to be running using Nova Pro, the retirement specialist, which I believe has no tools, no structured outputs. It's just generating text based on the portfolio of the test user that we set up moments ago. So this is just a simple chat completions API call that's hopefully going to return a bunch of retirement data by the time I finish the sentence. There we go. Here it is. Assessment of retirement readiness. A whole bunch of stuff that appears to be working. All right. Next up let's look at charter. Uh so charter is the one that's able to make JSON charts. Let's you've run test.py and see what we get if we try out charter. It's also just a chat. Completions. Not what Claude wanted. Claude wanted all sorts of stuff but it is just a chat, completions, which is all that's required and it will hopefully again be calling Nova Pro using bedrock. And I'll take this. Well, it's already done it. It's created it. And you can see it prints out what comes back. It's made a horizontal bar chart. It's made a bunch of different portfolio allocation charts, distribution across industry sectors and geographic exposure. These are all charts that it has decided that it wants to produce. So even though it's an agent and even though it doesn't have tools and it doesn't have, uses structured outputs. That doesn't mean that it can't be autonomous in that it's making decisions about which chart it wants to show. And it seemed to work well. And next up, we'll do the reporter two. Reporter. Pi report is a bit more complicated because it does. This is the one that has a tool that it can use if it wishes to, to look in the S3 vectors at the research and it is using it, it's calling Get Market Insights. So it has decided it does want to get some market insights which it's collecting from the database. Hopefully that's running. It's just run. And now it's it's calling Nova Pro to complete its its report on the users portfolio. And hopefully any minute now we're going to get to see the results of this. And it's a reminder that each of these bits of code will be deployed as a separate lambda function. And here we go. Uh, it's got a bunch of stuff. This is the first 500 characters and the last 200 characters. Uh, and it says apparently this portfolio could be better positioned to achieve desired characteristics. There we go. So that seems to be working fine. Okay, so I hope you're doing this with me. With me, it's super important to test locally before you deploy. And the last one we're going to do is planner, which is the meatiest of the tests you've run. Test. Simple. Dot py is running our planner locally to check that it runs and it tries to call the different tools. So off it goes. Testing the planning orchestrator with this like a fake job ID that it comes up with and off it's going. It's it's calling its functions reporter charter and retirement. And let's come back to, to uh chat completions again. Notice it didn't call tagger because we didn't need anything to be tagged in the database. And we'll give it a few seconds. And there we go. Analysis completed. Success. True. That's it. It doesn't have any output other than that it is just an orchestrator. And it was successful. So what we've shown here is that each of our different lambda functions that will be deployed separately, each has a simple test that can be run locally and that passes. And it's all calling to through bedrock to the Nova Pro V1 model. And it's all being being managed by OpenAI agents SDK. So far so good. And if you're following along on the guide, we're now at step 3.6. The last of these simple tests to show you is that in the in the parent directory, back end, the directory which each of these agents is within. In that parent directory. There is also a test simple file as well. And it's also a UV um folder too. And if I run test simple in the parent directory, it goes through and runs tests for each of the different individual agents. It's running each of the different five tests that we just did, one after another. And this is a way to give the entire system all five agents a once through, which is a good way to check that everything is in good shape, which is happening right now. It's going to take about a minute, and I will see you back in a second. And you've been following along with me, I hope, in which case you also have got to the point now where you see this report. It tested the tagger successfully. The reporter, the charter, retirement and planner passed five out of five, failed zero out of five. All tests passed. So congratulations. You have five different uh, directories, five different UV projects. Each one of them has a lambda handler.py and an agent.py. Each one of them carries out its task, and we've tested each one of them independently. And they all pass. We're in excellent shape. The next step, of course, is now to take this package it up and deploy it to Lambda and try testing it actually out there on the internet. Let's do that next.

@@@END_BATCH
