@@@LECTURE 104 :: Day 3 - When AI Code Generation Works vs Fails in Production Apps
Okay. Are you excited? Here we go. Command. Click here. And. Whoa! Up immediately comes this landing page. Alex, AI financial advisor. Uh, your AI powered financial future. And again, I'm maybe refine this a bit. I tweaked this a bit, but almost all of this, including the copy, including, uh, all of this was just written by Claude code just up front. And it's a great landing page with these three things here with meet your AI advisory team, a nice little hover effect there with some some highlighting. Uh, start your analysis. A fake watch demo button that does nothing, which is for future, uh, and we're going to be able this is this is all going to be hooked up to Clark. And we'll see whether it just works locally. Can I press the sign in button and sign in, using the same credentials that we did for the SaaS app all the way back in week one? Let's give it a shot. I press sign in, I go to Google, I'm going to choose my Google account. I don't need to. It already knows it. And bam! We come in to a dashboard and. Goodness gracious. Let me let this sink in for you for for for a minute. What you're looking at here, this this is a new empty user because I'm logging in for the first time. You're seeing here the the dashboard screen. There's a disclaimer that I did ask it to add in here to say don't. This is not official financial advice. There's this dashboard has a portfolio value a number of accounts asset allocation and last analysis. Uh and we can we've got we've got various settings here. So I can say my my name is Donna and then I can press save settings. Settings. Save successfully. A little toast message up at the top. And that is now my name I can make the target retirement income. What do I want? Annual income of 80,000 would be great. That would be nice. See that? Lovely formatting. That was another little, little thing I added to it to ask it to have locale formatting. Uh, so if you're in Europe, you may see the 80 .000 and then save settings and then check this out. Look at this. If I want to change the North American distribution, I want 80% of my portfolio to be North American exposure. As I drag it, look at how the other one automatically drags down. And I'll put that to 80%. And look at how that pie chart animates in. It's gorgeous. I didn't do any of that. I didn't tell it to do any of this all first time. This is a beautiful, professional, polished website. I gotta tell you, it's amazing. Uh, and there comes the toast, and it all looks great. So this this is the the landing page and the dashboard page of our Next.js app, and it's all hooked up to the API. It's saving in the database. When we make these changes. These are all getting persisted in our database by calling that fast API route. Uh, it's all and which is calling localhost 8000. So it's all running locally on my computer and it will be on your computer, but it's all working front to back which is super impressive. And now if I move over to accounts, you'll see that we've got some some details here. There's no accounts found. It looks it looks quite, quite clean and empty. But I've got this little populate test data button again. This is something I asked it to add afterwards. So it didn't do this initially. I had to give this some some spec, but then it did it and I pressed that button. It says populating test data populated successfully and bam! Everything appears just like that. We suddenly have a test portfolio with some cash in there and some portfolios in here too. With some positions. There's three accounts, a brokerage account, a Roth IRA, and a 401 K long term. And if you don't know what any of that means, I don't. I'm not surprised, nor did I, until I moved to the US. These are all US retirement words that everyone says over here that I've never heard of when I came here, 401 K being the name of their tax deferred long term savings plan, and a Roth IRA being a similar kind of investment account that you can have yourself if your employer doesn't. So these are different kinds of retirement accounts. You should set this up to, to reflect your location so that it makes sense to you. But this is showing these three accounts. And there's there's like an edit button here. What do you think. What do you think this will do anything. What happens if I press the edit button. Let's find out I press the edit button loading account details. And here is this 401 K account. It's got some, uh, BND is total market bond positions. I don't know what IWM is, but I'm sure someone does. QQ. Is the Nasdaq right? I think Spy is S&P and VCI is the Vanguard Total Index. So this is a nice portfolio that's been set up. These values will have been coming from polygon. So our server will have been will have been uh calculating the actual values of these. So they should be real. Uh and we can come in, we can edit them, we can remove them, we can add a position if we want. Let's add a position in IBM. You see, it's got like a typeahead there, but it doesn't have IBM. If the system is not in our database, it will be added automatically. We'll put in ten IBM shares and in they come. And for the time being it shows price na uh, and uh, then we can go on to the advisor team. This is where we see a team of specialist agents that will work together to provide comprehensive analysis. Look at this. Uh, there's no analysis. Please press this to start your first analysis. And we won't do that because this is all deployed locally. It can't actually run at the agents. All we're doing here is looking at our next JS front end, and it's attached to our, uh, our API layer on the back end. And so that those, those are the pieces that are in place right now. Uh, and I gotta tell you, I think it's, uh, it's sensational and particularly how, how easy it was to build this. But not only was it so easy to to to build it with, with, with Claude, which is, of course, not the main point of this course. The main point is that we've deployed it in a way running locally. That is a full stack application done properly with a front end and a back end and an API layer, and it's all holding together. And as a side note, it is perhaps important to observe that that the AI generated code was good not just for front end, but for front end and back end, where the back end was that simple boilerplate API calls to a database. And so you might wonder, okay, so why is it that llms are so good at generating that code for that kind of that part of our production app? But it wasn't good at building the agentic part that the the agents running on Lamda services. And the answer is that the, the front end and the back end that it's generated is reasonably standard boilerplate stuff that's similar in many production applications. And it's the kind of thing that that Llms excel at generating, because there's tons of examples in their training data. They know how to apply color schemes, they know how to build these different frameworks. And a lot of what makes Front End difficult is just a lot of stuff, a lot of scaffolding to put in place. And that's stuff that llms find really easy. And the boilerplate backend and API routes it also finds really easy. When it came to the Agentic stuff, we were we were definitely working in new territory. We were dealing with with all sorts of stuff around tools and structured outputs. We were using OpenAI agents SDK, which has only come out this year, in the last few months, and we were using it with the light LLM attachment to Amazon bedrock. And that's only been out for like like a month or two. So there's very little example in its training data. And just giving it one example, which I gave it in, in its sort of prep materials, wasn't enough for it to generalize easily. And there was too much using things like OpenAI OSS model. It found that really difficult. It didn't know anything about it. It didn't know it existed. When we started to get rate limit errors, it got stuck. It overengineered things. It made, as I say, a real meal over the tool calling a total mess. Uh, and it's because this, this is, this is much more complex. It's not boilerplate. It's new. So it doesn't have as many examples in its training data. And it's the kind of areas where llms struggle. So the LLM side of this was something that we had to I had to put a lot of work into and build myself. In fact, I would say that that was one example where I think if I were doing it on my own, that would have taken me about a week of coding. Doing it with Claude code actually subtracted value. It took me about two weeks because it did a lot of damage, and it took a long time to debug and figure out what on earth was going on. So it actually took me longer. But building what you're seeing here, the front end and API, that took about a day and a half. That's it for all of it to be there. Running, working, looking great a day and a half. And I tell you, if I had built this myself, I could have done it. I know how to code front end. I could have done it. But to get it looking like this would have been at least two weeks, maybe more. Uh, it would have. It would have been a long time. And so if you do all of the maths end to end, whilst Claude code was a lot worse than the server in aggregate, I managed to save about about, uh, I guess it was about it took about 60% of the time that it would have taken if I hadn't been using Claude code. And I think that's a really sensible, uh, kind of benchmark to keep in mind, at least based on, on this experience, but always understanding that there are some things that it's really good at using llms and some things where it will struggle. You should spend your time focusing on the the agentic stuff, the LLM work. That's the really hard stuff, and building out this kind of of dashboard and the back end routes, that stuff that Llms, uh, have have a field day with it's it's easy for them.

@@@LECTURE 105 :: Day 3 - Deploying AI-Generated APIs to Production with AWS Lambda & Terraform
I could stare at this user interface all day. It's just so great and you should come in and play with it. Add and subtract, remove things, make sure that it all works. You can also do things like I can press reset all and it comes up with this lovely modal. Are you sure you want to delete all your accounts? Delete all accounts. And by the way, it wasn't like that initially. It did it with one of those dreadful JavaScript pop ups and I had to tell it to build a modal. So there was definitely tweaking that I had to do, but it responded so quickly. And then we repopulate the test data as a quick way to check. Wait a second. And then it refreshes. So slick, so so so smooth. One other thing I want to show you. So you remember our server is running on localhost 8000. Um, I'm not going to hit our server. I'm going to go to a root docs. This is something which fast API does uh, out of the box, which is really great, which is show us swagger docs of our API. Uh, so this is showing you right now the different API routes that were all generated by by an LLM by Claude code for me. Uh, and you can come in and look at these different, uh, these different, um, API routes and what they do, uh, and look around the, uh, the, some example there. Uh, amazing. So we've got this full documentation of our backend of our API routes, and it's all there on localhost 8000. You should go and take a look for yourself. And here we are back in the in the the guide. You'll see it explains how you can explore the API documentation in step 2.4, uh by going to host and localhost 8000 docs and look around. And we already did this. We added a test portfolio data. And you can go through these different steps to add new positions, delete them, update the cash balance, make sure everything works. But I can't wait to get on to deploying this to production. This is this is really where everything comes together is we're now going to take this and deploy it out there. So that API is running as a Lambda service so that we have an API. the AWS API gateway on top of it, and then we have our deployed front end. It's just what we did in week two. So in many ways this is week one and week two coming together. We're using the the clerk uh, user authentication. We're using the pages router. But we're using the everything from week two in terms of the whole deployment architecture. So I hope you're excited. Let's get to it. Go to step 4.1. We're going to set up Terraform and then deploy. Okay. And it's time for us to get Terraform going. So open the terraform directory and come to the seventh folder seven front end. You'll notice it's the last the last of our Terraform folders. Never fear we're going to go back and change something later. But still this is the last of our Terraform folders here. Seven front end. Uh, and the first thing to do is to take this terraform.tf example and, uh, copy that and make it terraform.tf vars as before. Uh, right click and copy and then paste and then rename and just fill in these things. Fill in your AWS region and fill in your Clark JDBC URL and issuer should look something like that, which you will have taken from your local, uh, and or from your SaaS project. So you should have that set up in your Terraform.tf vars. Okay. And now it is time now to package up your our APIs Lambda. So what we're going to open up a new of these. By the way I command seed out of the uh, the server that was running from before the local server, which you should do as well. Okay. So we're now going to go into backend and then we're going to go into the API directory. Here we are. And we're going to do you've run package Docker. And this of course is going to package up the the back end the API into a nice uh. Uh a nice zip file. And it says here it'll take about a minute. It did not take about a minute. It caught me off guard. It was so quick, but that might be because I already had it installed. Uh, but hopefully that will be nice and quick for you. And that brings us to time to to run Terraform. How is this happening so quickly? Uh, so let's go out. Let's go to, uh, our terraform directory. Sorry. Back one more into our Terraform directory and now into the seventh folder. And you know the drill by now we start by doing terraform init which will run fast for me, but it might take a bit longer for you. There it go. It's done. And now you can. So I've always said Terraform init and terraform apply. If you wish you could do this step Terraform plan which shows you what it will build if you run it. So sometimes people like to do terraform init and then a terraform plan to see it right there. But now we're going to do a terraform apply. And off it goes. And it says do we want to do this. And we'll say yes. And it's going off and creating. And while it's going off and creating Let's go and click on main and find out what is it creating. And a lot of this should be familiar to you because it'll be very similar to what we built in in in week two. So there's the usual provider stuff at the beginning. And then there is uh, the AWS S3 bucket for the front end. This is the S3 bucket. Uh, then, um, this is some, some, uh, it's, uh, policy. Uh, IAM stuff, IAM stuff. I'm more IAM stuff. And here is our lambda function for the API lambda function. That's where it's getting the zip file that we just built right there. Here are some environment variables that it's getting. It's it's collecting the Aurora cluster Arn and secret from the Terraform current state. Uh, it's setting the the right cause origins. Uh, and this is the API gateway. This is where we're setting up our AWS API gateway. You can see we're giving it the all of the right authority to do what we need. This is some throttling and rate limiting settings. So we're putting on our API gateway which is super important for an enterprise strength deployment. Uh, and uh some some uh permissions stuff. This is the AWS CloudFront distribution. This is where we're taking our S3 bucket and saying we want to make a CloudFront distribution out of it. And here it is. Uh, and, um, I think we're probably almost done here. There we go. And that's it. So that is all of the infrastructure we're building. And of course, there's a lot here. And the first time you see it, it can be unwieldy. But the good news is so much of this is consistent with what we had before, uh, in week two. So a lot of this should be very familiar to you. And you'll, you'll, you'll hopefully have a good grasp for the infrastructure we're creating. And while I was going through all of that, it finished, it deployed. There's somewhere we can click to and then we can see whether this actually works.

@@@LECTURE 106 :: Day 3 - Testing Your Multi-Agent Financial AI System Live in Production
So here we are. Here we're looking at the, uh, the results of our deployment. And the question is, is this just going to work? First time we just did a Terraform apply. So I am going to this is where it's saying that that it is deployed CloudFront distribution. And I am going to launch this right now I'm going to say open. And here bam this is running on the internet. Everybody on the internet on CloudFront. This is our financial advisor. This is the landing page. And this is the same as before of course. So first of all there's the sign in button. Let's give it a try. Sign in with Google. And I'm authorizing my Google account. Continue. And here we are. We're signed in and it's got my my avatar at the top there. It knows who I am. And we'll now go to dashboard. And this is of course running. This is, you know, for real running out there. This is now no longer I've I've closed my local server. This is all running using the deployed Lambda API and going through API gateway, of course. So it's, uh, let's let's go to our accounts. You can see it's got a nice loading pulse there. Here we go. Uh, and I'm going to just show you I'm going to reset all my accounts like this, and then I'm going to populate my test data. So we create test data from scratch. Here it is. And, uh, yeah. Let's come on into the brokerage account. Let's edit that brokerage account. Lovely. And let's add a position. I'm going to add a position in my, uh, uh, older friend, uh, JP Morgan. And we will give that a quantity of ten. Add the position. There it is. It's ten. And none of these have a price yet. It doesn't know the price of these, uh, positions. Uh, okay. So now let's go to the next tab along which says advisor team. And this this is the new one. And what we're going to want to do now is press this Start new analysis button. Let's see what happens. Uh, when we do that. Okay. Here we go. I pressed the button and you'll see right away that something happens that this this line comes across. It's showing something going on. What happened? It put a message on the queue on SQS. That message was picked up by financial planner, by by our planner Lambda service that that spun up, that then called to bedrock that used Nova Pro and armed it with three tools, equipped it with tools that it could use. It decided to use those tools. And so as a result, uh, all three of the other Lambda services were called and started working. That includes reporter, which is the Lambda service that again uses Nova to write reports on our, uh, on, on our retirement, uh, on our on our financial planning. The chart specialist, which is the Lambda service that uses Nova to come up with some JSON that could describe different charts, that it can come up with any charts that it thinks would be good to visualize about my investments, and then retirement planner, which looks at my portfolio and predicts longer term implications, things that we could move back to, to, to, to come to. And it just completed and it turns immediately to the results. And here we are seeing the results of the run. And so you get a portfolio analysis report. This is the report from the reporter. This is the retirement projections. Uh and it has this this test portfolio isn't a very impressive portfolio. So it's very concerned about it insufficient to meet target. So which which makes sense I think uh, the target was uh, yeah. Much more than, than we currently have invested. So it's quite right to be quite cross about that. Uh, so these two reports were indeed produced by Nova, and they look great. Uh, and presumably the the main report. This one here also involved looking into some of its research that our researcher agent has been busy putting in there. And then last but not least, let's look at charts. We turn over here. And these charts were they were they were invented. They were created by the charter agent. It decided how to to what? I wanted to show us the top five holdings. There they are. The account distribution, the tax efficiency, how the asset classes are distributed. Equity is most of it, uh, and commodities and some cash and some fixed income and how it's distributed globally and then how it's distributed by sectors. All of these charts were described in JSON by charter. And then the front end just displayed them as they are. Uh, and it's all come up looking great. And, uh, yeah. So this this is the results of the analysis. If we go back to accounts, one of the things that we'll notice is that, uh, the, the because the tagger was at play, uh, and because also we were using the polygon API. You'll see now that whilst before it was saying Na for some of the prices, if we go into our brokerage account now and edit this, you'll see that we do now have prices for these different instruments, including JP Morgan, the one that I added in that has a share price as well. This has all come from polygon. And so we have real share prices associated with our account and real values of our portfolio. And that's been used to give us the total value of this test portfolio as of right now. And so that that really is a wrap to this demo of this product. And I hope you're you're blown away as I am about how comprehensively how well this fits together. But of course, the thing to bear in mind is that this has all been running in production out there. This has been multiple AWS services collaborating whilst working on this, with many calls to LMS that have come together to make this possible and to give us the kinds of results that we have. So look, I'm not gonna lie, I found this very satisfying indeed. And I hope that you did, too. But there is still one hole for me. There is one thing that perhaps doesn't feel as satisfying as it could do, and that is a sense that I didn't really get a feel for what was going on behind the scenes when we were running this. I mean, it looked really cool, like this animation when the different agents flashed up, looked great, and it was fun. And it was, of course, great to see the analysis that we can now do every time just by pressing this view button and come in and look at it again. So it's fantastic to see it all here presented. And I know that behind the scenes our five agents were communicating. The planet agent was making calls that were going out across AWS and that were making multiple calls to LMS. But I feel like we don't have much visibility into that. And obviously a massive part of delivering AI to production is having great monitoring and great observability. And that's why that is perhaps still the gap in what we've built so far. And that's a gap that we will be addressing tomorrow. And I hope you have a big old smile on your face, because today was fun and look great. And it's so cool to have this, this production app on on CloudFront. And of course as well, if you want to take it one step further, you remember from week two how we actually can give that a domain name and deploy it properly. And you also remember from week one how we can add subscription plans so that this functionality may be kicking off. The agent run is only available to subscribers, so it would be very easy to actually roll this out to a proper domain and have it be something which people have to pay to have access to. These would all be trivial changes to make to to actually have a real commercial production application at your fingertips, and you should certainly look into that. But before you do so can I please, please ask that you take a serious moment to congratulate yourself in a big way? We've got so much done. We've got past those two big days of building our capstone project, and it has brought us to a 90%, the 90% mark. We've got 10% left to go.

@@@LECTURE 107 :: Day 4 - Enterprise-Grade AI: Monitoring, Security & Observability at Scale
If you're anything like me, then you will have absolutely loved yesterday. So so fun. Great to see it all come together. Great to see the agentic activity happening, knowing that it's deployed on the cloud. But also, if you're anything like me, you felt a little bit unsatisfied at the end of it because it was hard to know exactly what was going on. We had to sort of take it, take the UI at its at its word that things, things were all happening and we didn't really have a good sense of what was happening. It just sort of felt a bit magical. But magic isn't good when it comes to bulletproof enterprise production deployments. And that is the topic for today. That is exactly what we're covering. And if yesterday was the most fun day of the whole course, and today is perhaps the most important day of the whole course, this really is where everything comes together. This really is where I cover everything it takes to build an Agentic app or a generative AI app, and have it deployed to production at enterprise scale. That's what we're covering today. It includes monitoring, security, scalability, and super importantly, observability. We're going to be looking in longview's dashboards and they're going to look great. We're going to be looking at CloudWatch dashboards. We're going to be doing a lot of looking at what actually happens behind the scenes, so that we have a really good handle on our production deployment. And I'm sure at this point, I don't need to remind you what Alex is our SaaS financial planner. It we've done so much. Last week we did the researcher with the data ingest pipelines using SageMaker. Uh, this week we built the database infrastructure. We built our five agents. We then yesterday built our front end with the API layer and saw it coming together, did our run. And what we've still got to do, the big task is making all of this be enterprise grade. And uh, just before we do that, let's remind ourselves of the architecture that we built. And here is the diagram, the diagram that shows all of the components, the services that we deployed. Uh, and I just added one more in there. I added the API, API gateway as a separate component. I mean, obviously with these diagrams, there's no hard and fast rules about what you consider a box and what you don't. And we've not got a lot of things on here, a lot of little smaller pieces. But I feel like the API gateway is important enough, and particularly in the production construct, when we're thinking about things like throttling, it's a it's a really important part of the infrastructure. So I've included that here. Um, but this is, this is the, the overall setup that we built. Uh, and yeah, I put the dotted lines again around the blue boxes to really emphasize that these are separate lambda deployments. It's not like we've got everything running on one lambda talking amongst itself. We've got them deployed as separate endpoints. I must have said that a thousand times. Sorry. Uh, all right, so this is our architecture and it looks fabulous. But wait. No, it's more than that. It's more than that. Because let's layer on what we did last week as well. This is really the architecture. This is what's happening. And now I show it to you. I feel like if I'd shown you this at the beginning, you'd have been like, okay, I'm not doing this course. This is crazy. This is too much. Uh, but because we've got there gradually, I hope when you see all of this, you're like, okay, yeah, I know this. Uh, so this is the real story. These are all of the AWS services that are running, and and even this is like a high level picture. There are lots of other services that aren't being shown here, but this these are the big building blocks of our architecture. And so as things run out there on AWS, there's just a lot happening. There's a lot of infrastructure that we built with Terraform. And this is a a moment perhaps to take stock and think, imagine if we hadn't used Terraform, imagine what it would have taken to have built all of this through the AWS console. You'd have hated me. There's no way you'd have. I'm going to ask for for my stars rating. You'd have given me a yeah, a pretty, uh, empty number of stars. If we've been going through the AWS console and setting all this up, it would have been awful. So it just shows you what a game changer Terraform is and how the fact that we could run these Terraform applies and construct this, this whole setup made so much difference. But anyways, all of this is running and what we're going to try and do today is get a really good handle on it, a really good perspective on what's going on, and have it in a mode where you could be like an MLOps or a production AI person that's able to have this running and have good insight into what's going on. And so let me cover the six categories we'll talk about today, about what it takes to be enterprise grade, starting with perhaps the most obvious, which is that you need to be able to scale. And when we talk about scalability with these kinds of systems, we're thinking about both being able to scale up to meet sudden demand. If if your app goes viral and you have a lot of people using it, you need to be able to scale. We say scale horizontally, meaning just add on more and more services, um, and not have to have downtime. We're not going to have to reprovision more hardware to to meet this demand. But it also, particularly in startup land, it's important to think about scaling the other way as well in off periods when no one's using your system. Maybe over the weekends you don't want to have to pay for massive infrastructure, and a serverless architecture gives you both of those. So those are some of the scalability concerns. It's mostly about being able to ramp up though. Security, obviously a topic of its own. You can have, of course, many courses talking about cyber security. Information security. It's a whole profession. There are some particularly important aspects of security to think about with agentic systems. There's also just generally good cloud security. And we'll cover some of the best practices today. And then monitoring goes without saying that we need to have good insight into what's happening in production. We need to have a good handle on on what's going on. We need to be able to to have alerts if things go wrong. So so this this kind of good tooling to be able to track and have insight into what's happening in production is something we will be covering. Guardrails is is more specifically in the LMS context. This is about checks that you put in place controls around what goes into your LMS and what comes out to protect against some of the common problems using LMS. And it's worth spending just a minute on this. A lot of people, uh, have very rightly so, big concerns about us relying too much on LMS because they are inherently unreliable. And it's important to bear in mind that they are unreliable, in that they are statistical models and they are unreliable in the same way as any other data science model is. In my opinion, the problem comes when people try and think of agents as if they're human like and try and project them to be, you know, reasoning machines that you can trust. But they are not. They are token predictors. They are predicting the next tokens statistically, and that's all they are. And we can avoid a lot of problems if people keep that in mind and always work that way. And that means that, you know, we use the word like don't trust the LM outputs. But even the word trust is sort of putting too much of a human like characteristic on this. You just need to write bulletproof production code that is testing. The outputs are controlled and within the boundaries you would expect, just as if you were writing some sort of statistical model to make trading decisions about trading on financial markets. You wouldn't just hook that straight up to a trading engine, you would have all of the right checks and balances and controls, and you should treat llms and agents exactly the same way. And so typically in enterprise systems, when you have agents, both the inputs and the outputs are validated. And they can be validated by by doing things like calling other llms. But at the end of the day, they should be validated with straight up code, with conditions, with controls, with tests, as you would with any other statistical model. And we will look at some of those kinds of guardrails today. And then explainability with a Sherlock Holmes icon there. Uh, so this used to be a topic that was very much in vogue a couple of years ago, because these huge deep neural networks that are at the heart of Llms, they're very hard to understand why they do what they do. Uh, they are black boxes, as people say. But as it happens, explainability is considered less of a serious issue at the moment, as long as one follows a couple of rules. And I will go through those with you shortly. And then observability. That's really going to be the punchline for today. This is about just getting deeper insight.

@@@END_BATCH
