@@@LECTURE 119 :: Day 5 - Setting Up AWS Bedrock Agent Core for Production AI Deployments
Well, here we are back in our old friend cursor for the final time. But I have an even bigger surprise for you. We're back in the production repo where we began. We're in the repo called production that hopefully you get cloned. It's on your local drive. You can open it up. And here we are in production. The only difference you have, I hope, is that you have a community contributions folder that is brimming with submissions from students that I can't wait to see. Uh, but there is something else here. That is where we are going right now, which is that there is a directory called finale. Uh, hopefully you didn't see it before now. And now you're seeing it and you're like, oh, there's a finale. Open up the directory called finale. And there is a readme, not to be confused with the readme, a readme in finale that you should right click on and say Open Preview so that you are looking at this, the finale, the AWS Bedrock Agent core finale of the course. And uh, as always, if you're looking at it in cursor, which you should be, you need to right click and say Open Preview if you don't see it looking like this. Okay, welcome. Let's get started. The first thing we're going to do is IAM. I know I said that Agent Core doesn't have iam. There's some. There's a one step IAM we have to do at the very beginning of you using Agent Core. And then we won't need to touch IAM again. So, uh, since since you were so experienced with this. Now I don't need to give detailed instructions. I can give pro level instructions. We're going to sign in to the AWS console as the root user. Go to IAM, go to user groups. Create a new user group called Agent Access. Make sure that it's applied to the AI engineer user and attach these three policies Amazon Bedrock Full Access, AWS Code Builder Admin Access, and Bedrock Agent Core Full Access. Let's go do that right now. And here we are signed into AWS. Check up on the top right that you're in as your root. Take a quick look at the costs. Make sure there's no surprises. And then start by going to IAM are old. So we know it so well. So we're now going to go to user groups over here and you can see I've already set up agent access. You'll be pressing create Group to do this. If I open this up, you'll see that I've assigned it to the username AI engineer. And it has permissions. And here they are. It is the three that I just told you. Amazon bedrock Full Access, AWS Codebuild Admin Access, and Bedrock Agent Core full Access. So you attach the policies. You've gone something similar to this. Attach policies. You've done the three checkboxes for those three a bit janky. And then and then press the button to apply it. So with that there is then a couple more little bits of of IAM admin. Uh, the first of them is that uh, well you do you do also actually potentially need to access have request access to Claude sonnet form model in your region. Um and maybe in US west two depending exactly on how things pan out. So keep a keep aware of this. It depends on a few things. And this may be just a temporary thing right now with the preview version. But I had to request access and get access to Claude Sonnet for model, and you might do as well. And you know how to do that, right? You go to bedrock. You press that button on the near the bottom left to request access to models. Although the screen claims they're going to be improving that user interface very soon, I hope so. All right. And once you've done that, uh, the the final thing to do is to come in as your IAM user and let's go and do that right now. All right. So here we are. I'm in now as AI engineer. I come over here and I'm going to do Amazon Bedrock Agent Core. There it is. Amazon bedrock agent core rolls off the tongue. Here we are in Agent Core. That's what it looks like. You remember I told you about the, uh, the memory gateways, identity, runtime and observability and then built in tools. They've grouped them together. It's a bit confusing. Whatever. Uh, I want you to click on observability down here, and I'm not going to click on it right now because I don't want to spoil the show. But you're going to click on that. And the first screen you're going to see is, is probably going to tell you that you don't yet have access to observability. Do you want to turn it on? And it tells you that it won't be effective for a few minutes after you turn it on. But you should do that. You should activate it. There is a note about costs there. It says to me that it's free as long as I keep. I keep a box checked about only taking 1% of traces or something. So I did leave that box checked. So I believe it is free. You should do the same. You should double check that you're comfortable with any costs associated with observability, particularly as this is a changing space. So once you've done that, you've requested access to observability. That is the end of our IAM and configuration stuff. For now, we can get started. First thing I'm gonna ask you to do is do a bit of reading, just so that you're well prepared for this. This is optional. You can come back to it later, but I've got some useful links for you. There is the main, like the marketing page for Amazon which is this, this page right here, which is like the, uh, all about what it is and things. And you can see if you look down here, something I noticed is that as of now, their customers, it's not as if they have like I guess. Yeah, I suppose these are quite large, but it's not as prominent as many of AWS customers, you often see big high street names, uh, which is a sign, I think, again, that this is still an immature framework. It's not it's not got the kind of traction that others may have. Uh, then this is the user guide. This is very useful. This is this is really where you can you can live this has, uh, the user guide with all the information. It has examples and an API reference. The terminology is confusing because whilst this describes itself as the Amazon bedrock agent core, uh, this this user guide is really about the starter kit. Uh, so there is some in fact, you can even see the Bedrock Agent core Starter Toolkit is in the URL. We're in that section of their docs. So again they don't use their own terminology consistently. So it's not always clear, uh, what context you're in. It's like like an LLM we need better context. Uh, so you have to sort of figure it out from the information you're given. Again, just like Llms do. All right. Uh, so then, uh, there's a couple more links that we've got here. There's the Python SDK and the toolkit, uh, CLI write up itself, so I will let you browse around that should you wish to. Uh, and I'm then I also want to introduce you to the UV project. So I've set up a UV project in this folder. So you already have that. Uh, it's got I only added these four dependencies bedrock agent core, uh, which is the Python client library, again with the name of the whole thing, uh, strands agents, that is the AWS Agent Framework library. So we're going to play with that right now and see it. And it's really simple bedrock agent core starter toolkit that is the CLI. Those are the commands to stand things up and down and pedantic needs no introduction. Uh, so if we, uh, bring up a new terminal and we start in production, if we CD into finale, here we are. Uh, in here, you should be able to do a UV sync. And when you do that, mine's already synced, so it doesn't do anything but for you, that will then load in the dependencies and bam, you've got yourself an environment already set up.

@@@LECTURE 120 :: Day 5 - Building and Deploying Your First AI Agent to AWS in Minutes
So just to be clear, everything that we've done up to this point has been a one time setup. This is now going to be coding agents. So the clock starts now in terms of the actual work we have to do. Let's do this. So first of all we are going to make a new file in this directory called first Pi. For our first ever agent on Agent Core. And we're going to put in this code right here. So I'm going to copy that code copy to the clipboard within finale new file. Call it first dot pi. There it is. Paste in the code. And now let's look at it. So there's a couple of imports that we don't use because we're going to use them. So so ignore look the other way for those. So we we import this bedrock agent core app from the Python client library. And from strands we just import agent okay. We create a new instance of the app and we create a new agent. All right. So far so good. Now we then have a decorator which is saying this is the entry point to for for our agent world, this is where things will begin. If a message is received by our deployment, it should come in here. And it's got a single simple, uh, function called invoke. It takes a payload. And what that's going to do, it's going to take that payload and look and see if that payload has a field called prompt in it, and if so, it will suck out whatever value we have for the word prompt. And we'll call that the user message. It then look how simple a strands is. You just call the agent with the message this is the agent. Call it with the message. What could be simpler than that. And we get back a result and we will return that result. This is it. This is the extent of it. Okay. It's time for us now to give this a try. First of all, locally before we deploy. All right. So we go back to preview, uh, and have a look at what we do next. We just do UV run first dot pi. That is really it. So let's here it is. Make sure you've saved it. Make sure the white blob has gone here. And now we're just in finale. We're just going to run UV run first dot pi. Let's see what happens. Very little happens. It sort of sits there. Okay. That's because a server is running. Go back here again. What are we going to do next? We're going to leave that server running and open a new terminal in cursor and send this message. So what does this do. It's curls. So that's the utility that makes an HTTP request. It's going to post locally to to localhost 8080 invocations. And it's going to post something like a Python dictionary with prompt or a JSON dictionary prompt is the key and the value is hello? Can you hear me? Uh so that's going to come in here. That's this thing is looking for something in the field prompt. So this seems good. So let's take this code. And so I said open a new terminal like this. Come in here and paste in that curl. Nice. What happens. Hello. Yes I can hear you in the sense that I can read and understand your text message. I'm Claude, an AI assistant. How can I help you today? Ha ha. Very nice. Okay, so that just worked. And before we get too excited, I'm just going to command C that it's not as if a whole lot happened. This is running locally on our computer. It shows us that the scaffolding is nice. We can run things locally. We haven't deployed anything. That's clearly a bigger deal. We've got to deploy everything to AWS. So we know that that takes that takes weeks. Uh, or at least days. Okay. Let's do that. Okay. Here we go. We're going to run UV run agent core configure minus E which is this is going to be the entry point first.py. All right. So from the finale directory be sure that you're in the finale directory. Make that run. So it's now going to ask us a few questions that we are going to do. The defaults to everything. Default for that. Default for the ECR repository. Remember that that's where the containers get deployed. Because this builds a container default for Pyproject.toml. It recognizes we have a UV project. And so it's using that for our dependencies and then default for whatever the IAM stuff it wants to build. And that just happened. So, uh, what you will also notice when you do this is that it will create a few files that I've just ignored, so they won't be already there for you. It created a Docker file, a Docker ignore, and a bedrock agent core YAML. They will all have been created and you can go and check them out if you wish to. Uh, but uh, it's now telling us that all we have to do is do Agent core launch. In fact, we have to do slightly more than that. We have to do. You've run Agent Core launch because I've done this as a UV project. So? So don't ignore what it's telling you. UV run agent core launch is the right way to do it. Uh, let's do this. Okay, here we go. You've run agent core launch. Lots of stuff happening. Launching. Things are happening. Provisioning. So take a look through when you do this. Uh, hopefully you're doing it with me. This. This is one project that you can do along with me because it's that that simple. Uh, it's created an ECR repository. So. So you can see that ECR repository. Remember the Elastic Container Registry, uh, where containers get built and deployed. So, so it, uh, has put it, um, in there. It's been, uh, queuing, provisioning, build complete launching. Bedrock agent core launching, launching, launching. And it's done. And it now tells us that we can we can we can, uh, it's been, uh, deployed. A container has been built and deployed, and we can run, uh, Agent Core invoke. And again, the trick is to do it with UV. So so what we do is this UV run agent core invoke uh with a prompt as before prompt. Hello? Can you hear me? And just in case you're in any doubt, hear what this is going to do is it's going to send this message to AWS running in the cloud where there are now container containers running. Uh, well, a container running, which is like App Runner, there's like an app runner running there containing our code. And let's see what happens if we just run this. Things are heating up and what comes back is again. Hello. Yes, I can hear you in the sense I can read and understand your message. I'm glad. How can I help you today? That's identical, I think. Uh, so I can't understate this. This is unbelievable. This just made a full deployment to AWS of a containerized app, and we called it. And we got back an answer and it called Models on Bedrock. And literally it's been a few minutes. It's been a few minutes. It really is that easy. I feel like AWS has set out to make something that was streamlined and simple, and they have crushed it. It really is phenomenal. Uh, so I you can tell I'm gushing away, but I'm really, really impressed with this. But it's time for us to to beef it up and give it some more functionality. So yeah, I put here okay. Goodness. Do you realize everything that happened? We built a container, deployed it to ECR, set up all the IAM stuff, deployed it to something like App Runner and sent it a message. And it's like a week's worth of work in like, a minute. Uh. It's crazy. All right. Enough. Enough with my, uh, overenthusiasm for this. Okay, we're going to add in a tool. Um, so this is really a feature of strands that it's that it's really, really nice and simple. It's like open AI agents SDK, but but even even more, uh, simplistic. So here's a tool we're going to add. Uh, we'll put it right up at the top of first dot pi. Uh, let me show you. Here's first dot pi. So right up at the top here before these two lines here. So just under the imports, not right at the top, just under the imports. Um, a tool we decorate it with at tool, which I imported already. It's called take square root. It takes a float. And the comment says calculate the square root of the given number and it returns math dot square root of that number. That's a pretty simple tool right? Okay. Back we come to the readme. Uh, so we now just want to change agent equals agent to this agent is agent tools equals take square root. Okay. And it couldn't be simpler. This line here We just replace it like that and save. That's it. So now we're creating an agent. But when we create the agent we're saying that you have these tools again it's like OpenAI agents SDK, only less. Um all right what's next? Are there lots of steps next? No there aren't. We just need to run this. You've run Agent Core launch, which is going to do a fresh deployment. Let's do that. Off it goes. See all the stuff that's happening? It says, uh, starting code, build, build. This may take several minutes. Uh, but it doesn't take several minutes. Maybe because it's still early days that, um, uh, AWS, um, agent core. Bedrock agent core, uh, is is still quite underutilized. Um, but everything is happening launching Bedrock Agent Core. So this time we're going to run Agent Core Invoke. And for the prompt we're going to say use your tool to calculate the square root of 123456, 7 to 3 three decimal places, and hopefully that's something that it wouldn't be able to do without having access to the tool. So that's the post we're going to make. Looks good to me. Let's give it a try. Let's see what happens. So this is being sent out to AWS where our container app is being spun up. Our agent is receiving that message. It's then going to call the tool. And apparently the square root of one two, three, four, five, six, 7 to 3 decimal places is 1111.111. Well, we'll see about that. See my old human approach? Well, not really human approach, is it? Uh, one. Two. Three. The old school way. Square root and equals. And it does appear to have got it right. Uh, and rounded it properly to. Yes, that does seem to be the right answer. We'll give it to Claude. Uh, and so this is, again, just a wonderful sign of being able to so easily add a tool and deploy that agent to the cloud. And it's all just working, and it's still only been a few minutes.

@@@LECTURE 121 :: Day 5 - Building Production AI Agents with Loop-Based Reasoning Systems
Okay, onwards, onwards. Now to a more powerful agent that I have called the Looper. For reasons that are probably clear to you, but if not, they'll be even clearer in a minute. Uh, let's get rid of this terminal to get out of our way. Uh, okay. So first step, and this is an important one. If you don't do this, there'll be trouble later is to delete first dot pi. You've probably just got attached to first dot pi. Uh, you can always like, like bring it back again from your trash bin afterwards. But for now I'm going to delete it. Move it to trash. It's gone. It's history. Um, okay. And now we're going to create a new file called Looper. And we're going to give it all of this content. So I'm just going to take this, put it in my clipboard. And then I will, uh, go through it with you. So within finale uh, new file called looper pi looper dot pi paste in. Let's take a look at this code. All right. So again and remember to save you see that white blob. That white blob is saying you haven't saved me. Command S or control S on a PC and it is saved okay. So we're going to import the Bedrock Agent Core app. We're going to have Agent and Tool again from strands pedantic classes and we're off. Okay. Let me let me walk you through this, this code. So I imagine all of you or most of you like me, have had the experience of talking, interacting with an agent with one of these loops where it thinks things through and it ticks things off a list, and it gives you this, this, this eerie sense that you're dealing with something that has a whole process behind it. And you probably think that's super powerful, like Cloud code being the classic example. Imagine how much work must have gone into making that actually work. Uh, well, I have news for you. This is like one of those moments when I show you the ingredients behind a recipe and you're like, is that all? Uh, it turns out it's actually really ridiculously simple. To make this work, you just need to have a few tools which you give to an agent, which give it the ability to manage a to do list. And I'm sure that there are a whole ton of implementations out there that you can use, and there's no doubt MCP servers and all sorts of good stuff. In fact, I know there's one that anthropic made. There's lots of them out there, but it's just a few lines of code to make one, and doing it yourself gives you that real, raw sense of how very simple it is. So check this out. I'm going to have a only one pedantic class called to do item, and all it has is a description which is a string and completed, which is a bool. Whether or not the task is completed and that is it. That is my to do list item. Okay. Then I'm going to have one of the nice things about the Bedrock agent core is that you can just use like a class variable like this. You can see in the memory section of the docs how you can have this be persistent and have it be managed in a better way. But for our purposes right now, this is going to work just fine. So system prompt, you were given a problem to solve by using your to do tools to plan out the steps and then carrying out each step in turn. Now use a to do list tools. Create a plan, carry out the steps and reply with the solution. Okay, I'm now this. This isn't a tool. This is just a Python utility here. Get to do report. This iterates through all of the all of the things in to do's and will print each of them what they what they are in a nice way. And if it's been completed, it's going to print it with, with like a, like a strikethrough. So this is just a formatting thing so that we can look at the to do list and so can our agent. So don't, don't uh there's nothing clever here okay. But what is clever are these three tools. And you know, what can I tell you. These are really simple. Look how short they are. Three tools, that's all. There are no more than three tools. One of them is called create to dos. It takes in a list of strings, add new to dos from a list of descriptions, and return the full list. So for each description, it adds in one of these to dos and it returns the report that we just made. Wow. Okay, so that we're going to give we're gonna equip our agent with this tool so that it can set up a to do list just by passing in a list of strings. And then another tool is mark complete. Mark complete the to do at the given position starting from one and return the full list. You have to be careful about this starting from one, because many agents naturally like to be zero indexed because so much code is. But that would, that would, uh, could get confusing because of the first item and so on. So I decided to start from one. And I also have in this printer it prints the number by each one just to avoid any confusion. But I didn't test this particularly thoroughly. This was just something I did first time. So you could definitely play with this and experiment with it and see see if it's better or worse with a different index. But this worked well. So what this does is it checks that that everything is right. And uh, if so it just takes that to do. See that index minus one. Because number number one would be at zero index and it sets completed to true and it returns again the full list. And then the final tool is just called list to Dos, and it just simply returns the full list. That's all it does. Uh, so with this, we have equipped our agent with three things create a DOS and Mark complete. And actually, this is hardly necessary because it gets the to do report every time. So I don't know if this is even needed. Uh, you could experiment with just taking this off and just having two tools that might be completely fine. All right. And so what we do now is we put those three tools into our tools list and we create an agent, the system prompt. We pass in the tools we pass in and that's it. That's the end of this little project by I've got again the invoke, which just takes a payload which looks in prompt to take the user prompt. And then here I've just got something that's a little bit more because I wanted to stream back and have it print as it streams back. And any time that it's doing something that isn't streaming back, it's probably calling a tool. So just to make it look more fun, I have it return the full to do list so we can see the to do list behind the scenes. The agent won't actually be replying. Claude won't be replying with a to do list, but we'll be able to spy and see what's going on with that to do list while we watch. And that's that's the end of the code. Look, it all fits on like one and a half screens and most of it is boilerplate. It really couldn't be simpler than that. Well, it's one thing for it to be simple. It's another thing for it to work. So that's that's the next thing to try. And of course we should first test it locally and then we should deploy and test it remotely. I'm lying. Let's not bother with the local. Let's just deploy right away. Let's be brave. We'll be brave. So we have to do this configure step again because we've changed our entry point. So let's bring up a new terminal. Here it comes. We go into remember to CD into finale. And then we're going to run configure minus entry point to Looper dot pi. And we say yes and yes and yes and yes. And it's configured all right. And now we have to, uh, go back to the readme. Um, here it is. And see the next thing to do, which is you've run Agent core launch. Okay. Drumroll. Off it goes. Stuff is happening. It's using Looper. Will it work? First time? It might take a little bit longer this time, so it'll give us some tension, some expectation. Launching bedrock agent core. So. All right, I will I will let it do its deployment. It probably will take a minute this time. And I will see you back here in one second. Hopefully you're running this as well. And you're seeing what I'm seeing. And you're about to have a deployed agent on the internet with tools. Uh, it's done already. Okay, uh, let's go ahead and run this. So, uh, yeah, I will walk you through what we're going to ask it. Okay. So here is going to be our prompt. We're going to do UV run agent core invoke prompt. A train leaves Boston at 2 p.m. traveling 60 miles an hour. Another train leaves New York at 3 p.m., traveling 80mph toward Boston. Where do they meet? That's a nasty little challenge. So let's take this and paste it in here and see what happens. So this is exciting. I need to solve this train problem step by step. Let me create a to do list and look at that. Six to do's have been planned and it's already done. The first one it's been crossed off. Determine the distance between Boston and New York. So scroll up and you can see, uh, the the what? It says I need to do list to organize my approach. You can see it's to do's determine the distance, set up the problem with variables. Write equations for each train's position. Find when the trains meet. Solve the meeting time. Verify the answer makes sense. So that's that's a lot for it to do. Uh, and you can see it's, uh, it's, uh, cross them off. It just it just, uh, came up with something, uh, complete. The distance between Boston and New York is approximately 200 miles. A standard assumption for this kind of problem when not specified. Okay, that sounds very reasonable to me. So let's cross that off. And now it's doing the right equations for each train's position as a function of time. Now, one thing you might notice is that it's not exactly speedy. And you might wonder what's going on. How come it's taking so long? I wondered that too. I will tell you. Uh, here we go. It's got. It's written the equations that tb the time distance between the city and there's the equations. Uh, what's taking the time is actually a silly answer that, uh, I'm actually, I believe I'm hitting rate limit errors and the agent is automatically retrying. Uh, and later we will we will see if that's true or not. Uh, but I think we'll find that that, uh, and maybe for you, you don't have rate limit errors because you've got more ability to use Claude, and you'll be getting it much, much faster. But it's slow because it's trying each of these multiple times. Okay, fine. When the trains meet by setting positions equal and we are almost through our to do list, it makes it more fun that it takes longer because it really feels like there's a there's stuff going on. Otherwise, I think it would be so fast that you wouldn't really get this sense that that thinking is going on. It is now, uh, presumably it is on to do step five, solving for the meeting time. That is the real, uh, hardcore part of all of this. Let's see what it has over. It's just done that. It's now verifying. It's solved. Uh, you can see here it set up these equations. Um, yeah. It looks like it's, uh. Yeah. Multiplying minus by minus and getting a plus. That's good, that's good. 62 is 218 minus eight. Very nice. Verify that the answer makes sense is the final step that it's on in this thought process. Uh, and uh, yeah I hope that you're as, uh, blown away by this as I am. Uh, and again, one of the things that's so fascinating about this is that some of the mystique about Claude code and the way that it's able to think things through and show these to do lists, is taken away because it's so clearly just a few lines of code to build this kind of to do list functionality and have something that can, that can run with this sort of thought process. So it's in the final step. Now verifying the answer makes sense. And then we will see what answer it actually gives us. Uh here we go. Here comes the final answer. The two trains meet at 4 p.m., which is about right, I believe. Uh, I think it's 406. Would be more precise. I think I think, uh, but you can see it's crossed everything off, and it looks fantastic. There is a result in a matter of minutes. We have an agent loop. We built an agent with a loop that is carrying out a reasoning thought process, solving a problem step by step, and we're able to watch it happening. And all of this is running deployed to AWS. Uh, and it's been just so easy.

@@@LECTURE 122 :: Day 5 - Adding Code Execution Tools and Observability to AWS Bedrock Agents
Okay, we have just one more thing to do to this. We're going to add in one of the the managed tools, one of the tools that comes with bedrock. We're going to add in the code interpreter. So what we're going to do is it's going to be really simple. We're going to add in one more tool right under the imports. We're going to add this. So let's go back to looper.py under these imports here. Add this. It's got another import. It imports the code interpreter and also JSON. And then what we do here is we create a code client code interpreter in US West two, which I believe right now at least it has to be US West two. That is the only place where this code interpreter runs. And we're then going to create a new tool. So the code interpreter is the thing that actually runs the code. But we have to create the tool that we will give to strands. Um, and this tool is will call it execute Python. We could call it whatever we want and we give it a comment. Execute Python code in the code interpreter. Uh and we call this code client. We call invoke execute code and language Python, and we pass in whatever came in in our input to this function. And then this is some stuff to get back the output and return it. All right. That is our execute Python code function I just did save. If you saw that let's go back here. Let's change the system prompt to give it a little bit of a juicier, beefier system prompt. Here we go. Paste save. So I'm saying you're given a problem to solve. Same as before. You also have access to execute Python tool to run Python. Your plan should include solving the problem without Python and then writing Python code to validate your solution. I should probably say Python code and running it to validate your solution. To use the execute Python tool to validate your solution, you must have a task on your to do list prefixed with write python code to uh and now blah blah blah. So of course you don't need to have exactly the system prompt. You can play around with it as you wish. but I think this is going to be an intriguing way for us to see the to do list and Python execution in action together. Okay, back we go to the Readme. There's just a couple more things to do. Uh, so we want to update the print method so that when it's doing coding, it will print it in red so that we just get a little bit more insight into this. This is just a cosmetic change, really. Look, if it's a if Python is in the description, then we put it in red just because it's going to look cool. Um, okay. And then the only final step is to replace the tools call with this. We're just going to add in execute Python as a tool. Uh so where do we do the tools. Right here. We're just going to put in there comma execute Python just as cursor as telling us okay. So now the agent is equipped with creative DOS mark complete list to DOS and execute Python. All right back here we go. It's now a matter of doing. You've run agent or launch. Did I save? Yes, I did, so I can just run this. And off it goes. And I will see you a second when this is deployed. And we will be able to give this a whirl. Okay. So we're going to give it the same as before. Exactly the same challenge. This time it's equipped with a tool to run Python code. So here we go. Uh let me see. It says it needs to, uh, solve the problem step by step. It's giving itself, uh, seven to do's. The first one is to identify the given information. Just like before. These look pretty similar, but it ends with a step to write Python code to validate the solution. Uh, which is a printed in red because of that little extra thing that I did. Uh, and so this is really cool. And I'm not this time going to sit here to give you the running commentary for the next minute. While I believe Claude is ferociously retrying with rate limits behind the scenes, but I will, I will I will just look at that. Look at that as it crosses things off. It's so great. I hope you've got the same experience. You're seeing this happening, and I will come back in a second when this is complete and we'll see what answer we get. And there we go. It completed. Hopefully yours did too. And I do believe we got yes. 4:06 p.m.. We got a more accurate answer this time, although it came up with that answer before it even used the Python tool. But but so interesting. But but there we go. It's able to use the managed tool as well. We have success. We have a deployed agent using tools all running in the cloud on AWS. That's pretty awesome. And the final step in in our sheet here is that we just want to go and go, go and look at the observability, which will have us go back to the AWS console as your IAM user, go to the Bedrock Agent Core service and look at observability. Let's go and do that now. So here we are in AWS console check. It's the IAM user. On the top right we go to Bedrock Agent Core. There it is. Click there. And now here on the left is observability. So we can go into this and check out what we can see. Uh so as long as you configured everything then you should see stuff like this. I've got a couple of agents, got some sessions, some traces, some error and throttles. Stuff happening here are the agents. Uh, this is, uh, the, uh, first that we did, and then this is Looper, uh, which which we just built and got a couple of sessions, a couple of traces, and. Yeah, you can click on sessions to view the the different sessions you had. You can see I'm getting lots of errors and throttles and stuff and go to traces to look more at the actual traces that, uh, that have been left by, by the agent. A bit like the traces we get in OpenAI agents SDK. So if we come in to to one of these traces, we see, uh, all of this, uh, spans. And this is where I mentioned you could see a lot of for me, I get a lot of these red things here. If I click on that, uh, I'm getting a rate limit error that's coming from this, uh, with some, some retries, and it's, uh, continually retries until it gets through, which is great. Uh, so it's surprisingly robust given given how much, uh, trouble I've given it. So I'm very happy to see this. Uh, and it's interesting. And I didn't even realize that this retrying was happened. I, I'd noticed how slow it was, and I thought, I wonder why it's so slow. Maybe there's some queuing thing happening. Uh, but it didn't occur to me that I was getting rate limit errors, and it was automatically retrying until I brought up the traces and saw this. So, uh, very, very insightful. And anyway, you may have a better tracer than me, but you should take a look through it and have a look at some of what's going on. Take a look at the, uh, the code tools that are getting the mark complete and so on. everything running away and read through your traces. As always, get a good sense of it and have a look at the different bits of information that you can review on the observability page of Amazon Bedrock Agent Core. And that is a rather satisfying wrap on our last lab of our last day, of our last week. And I hope you're impressed by AWS Bedrock Agent Core. It definitely is what it says on the tin. Easy to get your agent deployment out there. And as I say, as long as you are comfortable sticking within the kind of scaffolding that it's set for you, then I can't imagine an easier way to get something deployed out onto AWS services. So I think it's a great entrance to the market and I look forward to playing with it. My suggestion for you is do a quick assignment to take this further, so you could build a local front end app using Next.js, just so you could drive it from a from a screen, unless you enjoy using the terminal, in which case you can you can keep doing that the code style experience, but add in the other managed tool, the browser automation tool, so that it can do that as well as running code, and then turn this into something which is like a co-worker for you. I like to call it a sidekick. My on my Agentic course, we build out a sidekick agent, and you could do this here, but it's a sidekick running on AWS and using its managed tools. And it would also, of course, now have this to do list, which we didn't do last time. And being a single agent loop, which is which is which is. So yeah, easy and cool to see this happening. So build all of that, make a sidekick. And since you happen to already be in the production repo, what could be easier than just taking your your agent and plonking it in to community contributions? There it is. Put it in community contributions. Send a PR. I would love some wonderful agent called deployments examples in here that others can then take, and I would like to try it out myself. So please do that. That would be great.

@@@END_BATCH
