@@@LECTURE 111 :: Day 4 - Advanced LLM Observability with Langfuse and Production Guardrails
So observability is like a whole new discipline that's come up in the context of monitoring agents. It's like a way of doing monitoring on steroids. It's about having really deep insights into what's happening with your MLM activity and being able to monitor it for everything from performance and model drift and every every aspect of the performance of your agents in production. And we've already seen some observability because we've looked in the OpenAI traces application, which is like an observability platform. But there's an even richer one called Lang Views that's incredibly popular. There's a bunch of them. Maybe you have experience with MLflow or one of the others. Lang views is definitely a very popular one, I love it. Uh, let's, uh, let's have a look at it. Here it is, open source engineering platform. Uh, and, uh, let's go into this, uh, you should press the sign up button to, to join when you do. If you, if you don't already have an account because you are surely AR lang views enthusiasts like me, but if you don't, then sign up and give yourself. I think when you sign up, you first have to give it an organization. Make sure that you choose the free plan and then you pick. You have to create an organization that you can just stick with the defaults. And once you've done that, you set up a project which you can call, uh, Alex, uh, financial planner, uh, or whatever you want to call it. And once you've done that, you will arrive at the home screen and, uh, yeah, I'm not going to show you the home screen because it will it will give too much away. You'll see all the stuff right away. And I want you to to see it, experience it for yourself. So once you've done that, we'll go to the code and take a look at the changes we need to make. So within Lang views you should have been able to find I think it's on the bottom left and settings, uh, some API keys. And in particular there are three API keys. There is the Lang views public key, the lang views secret key, and the Lang views host. And the public key begins PK and the secret key begins SK. And I think that they might appear the other way up. It might start with secret key in the UI. So just be absolutely sure that you put the right key with the right name. Public key begins PK. So what we're going to do now is go back into our Terraform directory for number six agents. We're going to go back to that again. And if you look in your Terraform vars if I go to the example file, you'll see at the end there that there were a bunch of these variables that were commented out. And you should uncomment them and uncomment them in the real file, not in the not in the example file, but in your file. Right? Right here. Uncomment them and in your public key put in the Pq1 you see, I see. Be sure this is the one that starts PK. Uh, you're probably guessing I got this wrong. Uh, and then langfield secret key. Get that? The one that starts SK and then the host. And for me, it's, um. Make sure you know what that is. It shows it in the UI? And then one other little gotcha is that you also need an OpenAI API key. And you might say what? Why is that? We're not using OpenAI. We're using bedrock and we're using Nova models. Well therein is a story. We are still going to be tracing using OpenAI agents, SDKs, tracing functionality, which is going to send it on to Lang Views. Uh, and you need to have an OpenAI API key, but you don't need any money on the account you can have. It's completely free. Set up an OpenAI account if you don't have one already. Uh, for free, get an API key. You don't need even the minimum balance. Nothing. Nada. Uh, and be able to put in your API key in here as well. And it won't cost a dime. Uh, it will be there and important for our logging, for our observability. So first, come in and make all of those changes, and then I will see you back here. Next, I have to show you what I've done. And you've got a little. You've caught wind of this in a couple of places. You've seen my mischievousness. Uh, so if we look in back end and we look at the different agent folders, like we take our friend planner, you'll see that in each one there is a module called observability. Uh, and it's something which, uh, has allowed us to set up lang views and to observe that lang views is set up, and it only does it if the lang views secret key is in the Terraform environment. Variables. So because you hadn't set it up until now, all of this code was ignored. And now the we are using OpenAI agents SDK and we're using, uh, that as a sort of pass through to then log to Lang views. And you'll find that OpenAI agents SDK has docs that describes how to do this on their, on their website. It's a little bit of a dance. Uh, we're going you have to, to, to a little bit of awkwardness. You have to set up something called Log Fire, which is an open source library from pedantic AI. Um, and use Log Fire as your way to get these, these, uh, this information to Lang views. So there's a little bit of gumph in here. You don't need to worry about it too much because you can just reuse this. This works, which is great. Uh, and this wasn't written by an agent. I had to write this myself. Uh, and what it means that you can do is if we then go to lambda handler with this in place, what we we we have. So we already have, uh, this with trace planner orchestrator. This this is something that comes with OpenAI agents SDK. It means that we're immediately logging everything to the OpenAI traces. But if we take anything that we do and we wrap everything in with observe, then that has set up lang views behind the scenes, and that will make sure that this all gets outputted to Lang views. So just by virtue of the fact that we have with observe like that and that's bringing in this this observe right here that automatically sets up and configures lang views for you. So so I wrote this little piece here. I think it's neat. And it means that it really simplifies your ability to be outputting to lang views. Now there is one thing about this that is a little bit a little bit hacky, uh, which is at the end here, you'll see there's something quite, quite evil a time. It's not common to put time.sleep in production code, but it turned out that this was required in this case, and this is coming after a finally, which means this is something that happens at the very, very end of your lambda executing. And why, you may wonder, is there a time.sleep in here? And the reason is because lambda, when it runs, it's something that starts up a process to carry out what you need to do. And at the end of it, AWS immediately stops abruptly stops that server from running and the that's of course very efficient for your hardware. And you only you only pay for the compute that you use. The problem is that observability is something that happens in another thread in the background pumping log messages. And if Amazon cuts it short, then it can stop this feed of data that's coming from your observability framework. Now there are some recommended things to do like flush and shutdown. That's meant to allow it to shut down gracefully, but I wasn't able to get that to work reliably without also having a sleep in there too. So this is a little bit hokey. It only affects the end of the Lambda services. It's just an extra delay I put in there. It only happens if you've got the long fuse settings set on, but if you do, it will take a little bit longer to make absolutely sure that it gets to write out all of the messages. That's all that's going on. You can look the other way now. Nothing to see here. So sure, I was a bit hacky with that time.sleep, but you're going to forgive me because I did something quite elegant and nice when it comes to guardrails. So I picked one of the agents. I picked the the reporter agent because it's perhaps the most important of them. And I put in some extra stuff here, beginning with judge. Judge is a very simple module that I wrote this one myself because it was it was quicker. And with this back end stuff it's more reliable, I find, to do it myself than to use code. Uh, so this is simply an LM call with structured outputs. So I want judge to respond with an evaluation. This is a pedantic class that I create and it has feedback. And then a score where score is from 0 to 100. It's feedback on it's going to be given, uh, what was sent to another agent. And the response and it's going to give its feedback and its score. And as the trick that I mentioned before, I'm asking it for its feedback, for its rationale, before it gives the score. And that way we have explainable AI. We're going to see a score and we're going to know why it gave the score that it did. And then this is my my main function evaluate. It is given some original instructions a task and the output. And it comes up with an evaluation as a result of that. And so I say as the instructions, you're an evaluation agent that evaluates the quality of a financial report from a financial planning agent. Uh, you'll be provided with the instructions that were sent to the analyst and its output, and you must evaluate the quality. And so it's given the original instructions, the original task and the output that came back. And it responds. It's given the output type must be evaluation. And then uh, here I have results. Final output as an evaluation object that is classic structured outputs. Making sure that the model will respond in this format. And this is our way of having a judge that's able to investigate a prior agent response. Now let's see how we actually use this judge.

@@@LECTURE 112 :: Day 4 - LLM-as-a-Judge Pattern with Langfuse Observability in Production
And you probably realize it from the name judge. This is a classic example of the pattern known as LM as a judge, where we're using a model to judge the performance of another model. So I'm going to lambda handler for the reporter agent. This is the entry point. And if we come in here by the way you'll notice the the tenacity retry. So that if a rate limit is hit a rate limit error then it will automatically retry. Always a good practice as we said. So this is the reporter agent that is then run and it comes up with a final output. But look there's something new here. If we're in observability mode then I create something called a span with judge as the title. I then uh, I call this evaluate function. This is exactly the function I showed you a second ago with the instructions that were sent to the reporter, the task that was sent to the reporter, and its response. The score that I get back, I divide that by 100. So it's now between 0 and 1, because I asked the agent for between 0 and 100 and I take the feedback. And now I'm going to to to register this score span. Score. This is a long fuse command to register a score that we'll be able to track. And I also make an observation and I say observability create event. So I'm calling. Fuse to register this event that this judging happened. Uh and I've also got this little test here. And this is my guardrail. If score is less than some minimum level, I'm saying guard against score. Let's look at that. That is 0.3. If the score is less than 0.3 less than 30%, then that is a problem. And I log an error that it got too low and I overwrite the response. The financial report that the reporter agent came up with. I wipe it out and I replace it with, I'm sorry, I'm not able to generate a report from you for you. Please try again later. And that is what will be sent back to the user. So this is an example of an LM as a judge with a guardrail to prevent bad analysis from going to the user. Uh, and also using observability to track this and to register the score and create an event. Uh, and so that that is our code for doing that. Uh, I also put in another couple of events just so we could see them. I have reporter started exclamation mark as an event. Uh, and I think I also log, I make an event to say that it was it's, uh, it's running with, with the username as well. Somewhere here. Here it is. Reporter about to run. And I give it the job ID and the clerk user ID as well so that we're making another event here. So these are all extra messages that I'm pushing into lang views so we can see them all happening. All right. Those are the changes I've made. That is the observability code. That is the LM as a judge, the guardrail and the score and the events that I added into Lang Fuse. It's time for us to kick this off on the user interface and then go and take a look in lang views. Let's do it. Ah, not so fast, you're thinking. There's one more step to be done before we go and try this out. You know what I almost missed there? You got it. Yes, yes. All right, we have to. Of course. Go and do a terraform apply. Because we changed the environment variables to turn on observability and to put in our Lang views credentials. And until we do a Terraform apply. AWS doesn't have a clue about this. So we have to go into Terraform. And one of the beautiful things about Terraform, that a really nice way that we've set everything up, is that all you have to do is go into that agent's folder. This is the only place where the environment variables have changed. So inside this we can just type terraform apply and it will just make that change immediately to roll out just the change to the environment variables that we made. And we'll say yes and off it goes. Uh it's now going to do that deploy. It's going to make any changes it needs to make. We'll let it do its thing. And when it's done, it should be pretty quick. Uh, we'll then, uh, we'll then then go and bring up our Alex front end and we will kick off a run. And here we are back in Alex. The front end. It just completed the deployment. Such a beautiful front end. So wonderful. Uh, I do notice looking at our beautiful front end, that there is a bit of a bug. I spot that it says last analysis. Never on the top right, even though there was analysis. So I will look to fix that pronto. But if you see this, if I didn't fix it, you can go and fix it for me right now. Or at some point I will get ratty with Claude again and have it do it. Uh, but in the meantime, you can take another. Just take a moment to look through these fantastic screens and see all of the great work that we've done and imagine everything that's going on with the API layer to surface all of this information to us. And then when we're ready, we go to the advisor team and we kick off a new analysis. And now it is running out there. And, uh, all of our agents are picking up, and you'll notice that it took a little tiny bit longer than it did before because of course, we've now got my time dot sleep hack in there. Uh, and, uh, so we'll be just, uh, 15 seconds longer than it was before. Uh, actually, more than that, because each of the agents has a ten second sleep in it. Uh, so I guess it's 25 seconds in total longer than it used to be, but it will finish. And when it's finished, we'll be able to go into long fuse the observability framework and see what we can make of our agent activity. And here we have the results of our run. We've got a nice little summary here. We've got a retirement projection here. And if we go to the charts we've got a bunch of useful charts as well. And with that, it is time for us to go to Lang Fuse and see what we can see. Uh, I had to flick. I want to show you the home screen first. Uh, we get to see in the home screen. Now, I've run this once or twice before, so I see probably more than you're seeing right now. We get to see that there are a bunch of traces from the retirement agent, the charter agent, the planner orchestrator, and the reporter agent. We get to see the traces by time. I've done 77 traces since I set this up a few days ago. Uh, and, uh, the model costs, you'll see, is zero, which would be nice. Unfortunately, the models haven't cost us zero. It's that model costs are being tracked in bedrock, uh, and through AWS that doesn't get reported back to Lang views. So we don't actually get the cost information and Lang views, which is a shame. But we do get all of this other stuff. Uh, and now once you've done that, you turn to tracing, which is where the action happens. So I know there's a lot to take on if I, if I, uh, change this to just the last 30 minutes. Here we go. So, uh, what you see here, this is just the trace from the run that I just did. Each row represents a different trace, which is a different, uh, agent report, if you like. Um, and intermingled with that as some of the events that I had coded, I hard coded that you saw. So this is the planner Orchestrator. And then a couple of events the reporter started. Reporter about to run, if you remember that. And then the reporter. The charter and retirement. So these are all of our agent tracers being shown here in Lang Flow all from the past 30 minutes. All that just ran now. All right. Let's dig into the actual tracers themselves. Let's start with the charter agent I click into that. Up comes here the actual information. If I click down on this last row we can get to see right here things like the the tokens in and out. The model that was used. We can see the inputs that came in. This was the prompting and this was the output which is indeed a JSON set of charts. It has been working and we can click on the retirement agent and see that up and do the same, the same trickery and get to see what came in and out. So we can use this as a way of really understanding what are the different inputs and outputs, how are the the conversations happening between our different agents. And then we can click on the planner orchestrator. This is our planner agent. And we can see with this one that it gets started. And then it invokes the reporter, the charter and the retirement. The three tool calls that it makes which is great to see. And then it completes. So this is this is a really nice way of seeing everything that's going on and getting tons of detail about it. And there's also this little switch up here timeline. And if I turn that switch on then. And I think we're going to have to try and see how I resize this a bit. You get to see like this, this timeline at the top here about what's happening when. And see that that pretty quickly it, it evoked the three different tools, the three different agents at the same time in parallel. And they all completed around here. And then it finished off. Uh, and so that gives you a good sense of, of all of the activities that are happening against the timeline. And you can see a similar timeline for each of these, but the other ones are a little bit more boring. Uh, it's this one, that planner that's the most fun. All right. And then last but not least, we'll take a look at the the reporter. And so now looking into the reporter agent, you can see there that this is the flow that it ran that it's called Get Market Insights, that it came back and gave its response. But that then went into judge and judge ran the judge agent that I showed you a minute ago and got back a completion and then registered a judge event. You can see that on a timeline and see I'll scroll over to the right how it first gets its market insights. It runs and then it does its judging. Let's go back to this view again and we can read the judge event. It gives a score of 85.85. It's comprehensive and well structured. It covers all requirements. The the however the report lacks the market context from the Get Market Insights tool which was instructed to be included. So it wasn't exactly I guess I'm not sure about that evaluation. It's saying that it should have included more information that it got from the markets, from using its tool in the final report, uh, which I guess maybe that's fair feedback. Uh, who knows? But that is the decision. It's 85%, which means it's good enough to make it through our guardrail at 30% by a comfortable margin. But this is where we can see the results. And this is where we can we can see the score that came back and see that it's registered here. And that is the tour of Lang views. There's lots more to play with. There's a place where you can actually register and track the different scores that you do. There's you can set up LM as a judge is where you can actually configure, uh, an LM within Lang views and connect it to a paid API and have Lang views running the LM as a judge functionality. Uh, as, as a platform, um, there's annotations and there's data sets that you can put in here as well. Uh, and I would encourage you to spend some time getting getting lost in lang views, learn about all the things you can do and get insight. Run your run a few times. Look through the conversation that's happening between your agents, and get that deep understanding and deep insights into the real flow of your agents in production.

@@@LECTURE 113 :: Day 4 - Real-Time Agent Monitoring and the Security Risks of Production AI
Well, I hope that long fuse brought you much joy, and you felt like a true ML ops person while you dug in to your agent conversations. All right, so that's pretty much wraps up the observability section, especially if you spent some quality time with it. But there's one more tiny nugget to show you one more thing, which is that I have a little script to demo to you called Watch Agents, which is in the backend directory. If you go into the backend directory and you type, you've run watch agents. This shows you it's going to call the AWS cli as another way to look at the log information that's being logged to CloudWatch. So this is really more about monitoring than observability. But it looks cool. So I wanted to leave it till the very end. All right so this is running. And you might say well I'm not sure that it does look cool. It looks kind of boring to me. You could be forgiven for saying that. But let's go to our dashboard, this beautiful screen, and let's go to the advisor team and kick off a new analysis. We'd like to find out what's going on with our with our investments, please. And while we do so, we will look back at this and oh, something just happened. Uh, it actually is constantly tailing the logs and printing the logs from each of the different agents, and it will print the report from each agent with a different color here. And people who've been on my courses before, they all seem to end the final project. The final part ends with something logging with different colors from different agents. I don't know why. I guess that's my thing. Uh, so you can see if I scroll up, you'll see the planner doing doing first of all. Uh, well, first, at the very top, you'll see that it checks the observability configuration, sets up Lang fuse set up complete. And now you'll see that, uh, it's doing the fetching of market prices from polygon IO. And then it's making its, uh, it's its report right here. The reporter is running and um, uh, let's go see. See it doing this. This is where planner evoked reporter evoked charter and invoked retirement. And this is this is that going, uh, you'll see this little error here, which is an interesting one. This is it's reporting the fact. I don't know if you remember, I had some longview's code to track that variable. The, the, the, the results that I wanted to track. And the current way that Lang fuse is working with open AI agents SDK doesn't allow you to do that. I'm hoping that's something that they will fix shortly. So by the time you run this, that error might not be there. And you may find that that result is getting properly tracked in Lang Fuse. But it doesn't matter. The error doesn't stop anything. You can just see the charter just finished and it responded with its JSON for the charts. And, uh, retirement is just here. And you'll see this purple at the end is the, the the traces finishing up. Um, and now we're back to planner again. Charter completed successfully. It's evoking the retirement lambda. Uh, so we'll let that one go. And. Here we see the retirement information coming through. It's in it's waiting 10s at the end. And we're now back to planner again. Planner is now doing its 15 second wait for the flush to complete. This is the final, final, final part. We'll give it its 15 seconds. Uh, this is the hack that I put in to make sure that all of the the observability Finishes planner just finished. It tracks its duration, the memory size. And then now, if we turn back to the screens, we'll see that the results are showing with the overview, the retirement and the charts that we just saw coming through in our log. So there was a lot to follow there. You're probably like, what's going on? Uh, but it's cool to see this. It's cool to see the different colors of the different ports coming from our logs. Uh, as this as this all comes out as it flows from our different agents. Uh, and so this is giving you yet another view. It's again, it's coming from CloudWatch, but it's another way of looking at your logs. Another way of observing everything that's going on in production. Well, I promised you a substantive day and I hope you agree I delivered. I realized I did a lot of talking, but also I showed you stuff, I showed you monitoring, and I showed you observability in the wonderful form of languages, which I hope you enjoyed. And also, of course, that script at the end with agents logging in color, because that's how we do it. Uh uh, so we, we did a lot of stuff when we talked about security. We focused on the kind of pretty general cloud security, like IAM permissions and about JWT and stuff like that. There is another side of security as well, which is being very mindful of some of the kinds of security concerns people have with agents in particular. And so I thought it was worth spending one second on that. There are a lot of concerns about the new information security risks posed by Agentic AI and in particular, the the, uh, amazing success of MCP servers, which allows you to equip agents with new functionality, brings about some significant risks, and it's important to understand what those risks are. Now, on the one hand, running an MCP server is not much different from doing a pip install of any open source package and running that code You're equipping an agent with the ability to use this functionality, and you need to make sure that that functionality is secure. And so the first the first thing that people, people think about is what what are the new security risks. What what what is the problem? One problem is that MCP servers are so easy to access that even people who aren't necessarily as technically savvy as you and me can easily just get an MCP server and attach it to Claude. And then Claude can start using it to do functionality. And where someone might not know how to pip install a package, they can suddenly be running other people's code on their computer. So that's definitely an education problem. And that's something where we need everyone to be aware of the need to trust the authors of MCP servers and know the detail of what kind of functionality you are equipping an agent with. But there's something else as well. There is another security concern that's worth digging into, and that is something which I'm going to show you now. I'm going to use the words of Simon Willison, who is the the person that wrote a blog post I showed you earlier this week, which he. He's the guy I mentioned likes to make. Uh llms draw pictures of svg's of pelicans riding bikes, and he's a great writer and has so much to say about Llms. And he was was looking deeply at what what are the issues that have emerged as a result of giving models, giving Llms access to MCP servers? What new problems do they introduce? Particularly thinking about recently, there's been some problems with Superbase MCP server and famously with a GitHub MCP server. And what his his insight is that there is a situation when you give when when you're in a situation when a model has three different abilities, and if you have all three of those abilities, then that can open up new kinds of security risk. And let me tell you about what they are. And then we'll, we'll, uh, think about it a bit. And I also want to ask you the question of do we have those three in the case of Alex. So have that in the back of your mind. And because there's three of them, Simon described them as the lethal trifecta. And if you Google that, you can read his blog post. And it's great and super funny. It was actually a presentation that he gave that he then blogged about afterwards. So the first of them is an MCP server that has or just just generally an agent, an agent that is given the ability to access private data. So any MCP server that is able. One of the things it can do is access data that should not be in the public domain. Um, and obviously that's very common. And yeah, obviously, certainly that is true for us. In the case of Alex. Alex is able to access the private equity portfolio of of the users. So the model does have access to private data. Okay. So that's one of the tenants of the Lethal trifecta. The second of them is access to untrusted content. What does that mean? So that's saying like if if someone is able to type in a prompt, a prompt from the outside that will be able to get in and be something which is sent to this agent. So untrusted content means stuff. Prompt text that we didn't write. As the software developers, you didn't write for your agent framework. So access to untrusted content is something that would be the second pillar. I have a think about whether or not any of that applies for Alex. Is there any is there any case when the user is prompting Alex, the, the, the agent, and then the third tenant is the ability to communicate externally? So does this agent have the ability to send information to an external third party? That is the third. And what Simon explains in the in the post is that if you have 1 or 2 of these three, then you're not necessarily in big, in big trouble in any new kind of security loophole. But if you have all three, then trouble can ensue. And he gives a few examples. But one of them, famously, is an example of a GitHub MCP server that had had a vulnerability, a loophole.

@@@LECTURE 114 :: Day 4 - Securing AI Agents Against Prompt Injection in Production Systems
So the GitHub MCP server vulnerability was a very interesting one. GitHub had MCP server which was able to to access the the repos that you made available to it using your tokens. And so it would be often the case that someone would give it access to their repos to let's say that all of the repos that one would have access to, which would include both your public repos and your private repos and the the way that you could you could ask the MCP server to do something like go and review the GitHub issues, any posted issues and start working on them, and it would do so. So far sounds harmless. Uh. What happened? Well, it was possible that people in the outside world can post GitHub issues against your public repos, but not your private repos, but your public repos. But people discovered that you could post an issue on a public repo, and it could contain a prompt injection attack. In other words, it begins by saying something along the lines of forget whatever you've heard before. I want you to look at a different repo, a repo that contains a EMV file or a dot secret or whatever, and it could use that as a way to get to to control the agent, to do something that it wasn't expected to do, which is go and look at a private repo. Okay. But so what? So this agent gets to look and do something to the private repo. What's the problem? Well, the problem is it could then be instructed to come back and raise a public issue in the public repo and in the body of that public issue that it raises, it could insert the contents of the EMV file or something like that. And by doing so, it would leak secrets to the outside world. So there's quite a story there, but you can see that what was needed was three ingredients of trouble. One of them is that it was an MCP server that could access a private repo. The second of them was that it was something which could read content, which the public could, could post to, and that gives an opening for a prompt injection attack. And the third issue was that it could use public repos as a way to communicate externally. So not only could it get its hands on trouble, but it could then leak that trouble as well. Now, arguably, even if it couldn't leak it, it could still have done something terrible to the private repo as well. So there are other kinds of vulnerabilities, but maybe they're not. It's not the lethal trifecta that Simon is envisioning. So this is an example of of because of the new kinds of risks that prompt injection attacks open up, that one needs to be particularly careful of this kind of situation. And this is the new sort of security vulnerability that MCP servers and that that agents generally, uh, have have opened up that one needs to be very aware of. And you can make the point, as GitHub did, that it's not necessarily a problem in this case with the MCP server. But you could argue it's a problem with the the tokens that a developer would have for their GitHub repo, that you should always have separate tokens for your different repos. And the principle of least privilege that we talked about with IAM, uh, applies here too, that you should have a separate token that applies only for your private access and keep that distinct from your public access. But in practice, people often have one access token, like I do for all of my repos, and that does potentially open up this vulnerability. So did you have a think about whether this is something that applies to Alex? I'll give you one more second to have a think. Have a think about all three boxes. Ask yourself which applies to Alex. And then answer coming right up. And of course, you're probably thinking Alex doesn't have MCP servers except in that data pipeline. This isn't really necessarily an MCP problem. It's an agent problem. This lethal trifecta applies to any agent setup. So the blue one. Access to private data. Easy. We already said so. Yes. For sure. Alex has access to the user's private equity portfolio. That is presumably very confidential. So, yes, definitely. That is a hit. Okay. The purple one. Access to untrusted content. Uh, so what were you thinking there? Does does, uh, does Alex have any access to untrusted content? And your first thought might be. No, because there's no prompting. It's not like an end user prompts Alex to do anything, so it doesn't sound like there is. But I believe that there's there's a trap. I think that there is. There is, in fact, access to untrusted content because we've got data that Alex reads like the stock tickers that the user can enter into their portfolio. And so in theory, admittedly, it would be a kind of crazy situation, but in theory, you could use that stock ticker as a way to inject a prompt attack any text that's coming from our user, just like a SQL injection attack. For security people, any time we're doing anything like that, that input is coming in. That is an opportunity for untrusted content to come in. And again, it would be one of our users. So it wouldn't be a third party. But but imagine that anyone could sign up to be a user. And so that gives an opportunity for untrusted content to come in to the platform. All right. And then is there an opportunity to to externally communicate. That's that's the last one. So what do you think. Yes or no? Uh, so I believe the answer is, uh, yes, but not really unsatisfactory. Uh, strictly speaking, yes, but not in the way that Simon meant. It is my understanding, but I. But I'll let anyone contradict me if you think I've. I've got this wrong. But so in theory, yes. Uh, there is an ability to externally communicate because you can set up a new account. In theory, anyone can come in and join. and the the Alex gets to give you your your retirement report. There's text that's generated that comes back to you. So sure there is an ability there for it to communicate back to the outside world through the reports that it generates. So in theory we have these three ingredients. We have the trifecta. But then I believe that it's not really because the the external communication is only ever going to go to the same user that was able to, to, uh, to, uh, put in the untrusted content. And our code is ensured that the only data that that has access to is the data, which is the, um, the, the portfolio of that same user. So there's actually the word external is perhaps the one that needs the quotes. You can't go, you can't get any data that is, uh, outside the portfolio, the specific portfolio that this agent has been able to look up. There is no way for it to query the database for different clerk user ID. That's just not not supported. So I believe we're fine. I think that the lethal trifecta doesn't apply because it's not really able to externally communicate beyond the same user that's logged in. Only that user can retrieve information and only about the same portfolio they've got. There's no way to convince the agent to start digging into the database and getting other data because it can't, because we've coded it that way. But security people dig in. If I've missed something, if I've not thought of something, then, then let me know. I've also realized that another way it can access private data is through the research. We could we could trick it into researching some information, which ends up causing it to read in a prompts injection attack. But again, I can't see any way that it could access a user's portfolio other than the current logged in user. So I think we're fine. But it's this kind of security thought process you need to go through to make sure that you've understood any possible vulnerabilities as a result of the new abilities that agents and MCP have. And as one final comment to make on security, if I haven't brought you to death on this. But it's a fascinating topic. Uh, there's there is a fairly recent functionality in MCP servers that allows for secure MCP server connectivity, which is where you're effectively logging into an MCP server using like an OAuth two style framework. And this is a bit different. This is about making sure that you can remotely log in to something like JIRA through a Jira MCP server. So it's great security to have. But this in in no way does that help with this lethal trifecta. That's just about making sure that the person that's operating this piece of software really is who they say they are, and having to go through a proper formal authentication process. But but that doesn't detract from the lethal trifecta.

@@@END_BATCH
