@@@LECTURE 89 :: Day 1 - Multi-Agent vs Single-Agent Architectures for Production AI Systems
Welcome to the biggest week of the biggest course I've ever made. I don't use the word humongous often, but it's very fitting. Now this is a humongous week with a humongous project and I can't wait to get started. Let's get going! And the three big words for this week are agents, scale, and enterprise. We're going to be doing a fair bit of all three. This is what I have in store for you for the five days. You'll see plenty of purple here because we're going to be doing a lot of AI. We've also got some blue because we're going to be doing a lot of capstone project build today is going to be about talking about the multi-agent architecture. Then we're going to work on the capstone projects. Most of the Atlantic part of it and then the front end. Then we're going to talk about enterprise characteristics like observability, monitoring, security, scalability, APIs. And then we're going to end by talking about agentic AI platforms and comparing them with what we've already done. So much to do. And I'm going to start by talking about architectures for genetic projects. Now, one of the things I often push back on is when people jump too quickly to architecture, which I find very common in, particularly in the field of genetic AI. It's very important always when working on business problems, to start by focusing on the commercial problem, understand the problem you're working on, understand how you will measure success and think about agents first and foremost. As Lem calls with prompts that you will engineer and use that as your way to determine what kind of agent architecture you will use. But let's assume that you've done that. You've worked on your problem. You know what kind of solution you need to build. And you're wondering, now, how do I build the right kind of agent architecture to solve that problem effectively? And let's talk about that. So to start with, I want to to remind you for, for for those that already know it or to explain some of the terminology around agent architectures, and this is something which it's it's ambiguous out there. There aren't necessarily standards. A lot of Agentic AI is new and evolving, and so there are emerging terms that people use in different ways. But anthropic wrote a phenomenal blog post, a seminal blog post which laid out some different terms. And they distinguish between workflows systems where models and tools are orchestrated through strict code paths that you code up. You say, call this LLM and then call this LLM. That would be a workflow. And they distinguish that from agents, which are systems where the LLM itself decides which processes should be called, when and how to orchestrate the flow. And in that seminal anthropic post they cover different common agent design patterns. But since then, something new has emerged since Anthropic's post came out. Which is that even when you're talking about agents, even when you're talking about systems where llms control the flow, you do see these two different kinds of design. Let's talk about them. One of them, one of the common patterns is multi-agent architectures. And this is where you have an agent, an LM core that's often called the planner or the orchestrator. And that itself is responsible for deciding which agents, which other LMS or other sets of prompts get called in different circumstances. It orchestrates making each of those different calls, and you build out separate agents with context, with prompts that frame exactly the problem that that agent is solving. And that kind of architecture is known as multi-agent architecture. And then there is a different architecture which goes by different names. But but if you say single agent with an agent loop Agentic loop, then people know what you mean. And this is one where you only have one LM and one usually quite long, quite meaty context prompt. And in that prompt it's able to do things like managing a to do list and then ticking off the to do items one by one. And there's simply a loop where it comes back to itself repeatedly until it's convinced itself that it has completed the task at hand. And that is is sometimes known as a single agent with loop, for obvious reasons. And if you've if you've had experience working with Claude Code and I hope you have, it's amazing. Uh, you you will have felt this firsthand. You really have felt that experience of one agent that you're interacting with that is able to manage its own to do list and work through a task calling itself repeatedly in a loop while it figures out what what kind of workflow to follow. And it's interesting that I would give Claude code as my example there, because you're probably thinking, aha, hang on a second, Ed, you missed something there because in Claude code, you can actually configure different agents that the main agent in a loop can call out to. And so yes, this is yet another example of where I'm giving you two different extremes. But the reality is often somewhere in the middle, you can have a single agent with a loop that's still able to call out to different agents, and you can have the architecture on the left, but have the planner agent still have a lot of autonomy over which worker it calls when, and potentially calling the same worker multiple times. So it can also have a kind of a loop as well. So it's not as binary as there being multi-agent or single agent with loop, because multi-agent architecture can have loops, and the single agent with loop can have other agents, it's in between the two. But it does give you a sense of these two different styles, these two different design patterns that you can incorporate in your solutions. And I know what you're thinking. You're thinking, okay, fair enough. So there are these two different patterns and there's stuff in between the two. But how do we know which one to pick for our particular problem at hand? To which of course, my answer, as it often is, is that there are no fixed answers to this, just as I as I put in guide 12 in the guides folder, I believe in the production repo. This. This is something which you need to experiment with. You need to try out different approaches and see which performs best for your problem at hand. When you have your business problem, you have your potential solution. You need a metric. How will you measure the performance of your solution? And then try different agent architectures to find out experimentally which one solves the problem best. And key to doing that successfully is to start simple. Start with a very simplest approach you can. Typically that is one agent, not even in a loop. Start with one. In other words, one LM call. Start by calling an LM and start breaking out other agents and adding in more business functionality, separating concerns and considering loops only when you need to solve a problem to do so. So you start simple. You start with one agent. You find that the performance isn't where you wanted it to be. You're not. You're not meeting the bar that you set yourself your criteria. And so then you explore slightly more complex configurations of breaking out some agent responsibility to see how it affects performance. That is always the trick.

@@@LECTURE 90 :: Day 1 - Building Multi-Agent Financial AI: Database Architecture & AWS Setup
And now at this point, I am thrilled to bring it back. Alex, the financial planner, our capstone project that we began on week three, day three, and we're going to continue it this week. And we will be building a multi-agent architecture. And I'm not going to be following my own rules. I'm not going to be able I'm not going to be starting simple and then building out more agents as we go. We're just going to go with a multi-agent architecture. And you'll have to to to take a leap of faith and imagine that I have, in fact, tried it with one call and discovered that this is a more effective approach. So what is Alex? Again, it is, of course, a SaaS application, a subscription platform, which will allow us to to let people have a AI financial planner that they'll have access to, where they can enter in their their account details, their stock, their brokerage accounts and get predictions about, uh, things like concentration risks and talk about their retirement plans and the like, an AI based financial planner. And last week we built the research flow of this a research agent, and we built data ingest pipes that can pull in data from searching on the web using an SMTP server, and then turn it into vectors, use S3 vectors, um, and giving us our research capability. And hopefully that has been running. And every couple of hours it's been it's been spinning up. You should be able to see it in the AWS console if you have a look. Um, but of course you could also brought it down if you didn't want to spend that cost. But but either way, we got that built. What we're going to do this week is build out our main agentic flow for the product itself. On day one, which is today, we're going to build the database side of it. Then tomorrow in day two, we're going to build out five different agents that will collaborate to be the financial planner. On day three, we're going to build out the app, the front end of it mostly, but also like an API layer as well. And on day four, we're going to talk about making it enterprise grade production grade, which is going to be things like security, Resiliency, scalability, and importantly, observability. All of that is to come. And before we cover what we're going to build this week, let me remind you of what we built last week. This is what it looked like. Remember this? I hope the, uh, the scheduler uh, that then called researcher called ingest pipes, put it in S3. We used bedrock and SageMaker. So what are we going to do this week? Well, to start with we're going to have a multi-agent architecture. And this is what it's going to look like. We are indeed going to have a planner agent, an orchestrator that is responsible for coordinating activities across four agents that we'll talk to. So for a total of five agents and they are called the tagger, the reporter, the charter and the retirement. And I've organized them so that each one has distinct commercial functionality, so that in theory, you could build each one separately, you could have it tested and evaluated separately, work on the prompts and the context separately. And this is always a good rule of thumb. You want to try and organize your agents so that you can evaluate their performance independently from each other so that you could you could build them and deploy them somewhat in a somewhat decoupled way. So planner, as I say, is the one that does. The orchestration tagger is an agent that has quite specific functionality that it's able to take an instrument, a stock, and it's able to figure out what is its geographic distribution. Is it is it representing equities or fixed income or commodities. So what what kind of different asset classes does it cover for people that know this finance stuff? It's the kind of thing that a financial planner cares about. Uh, and, uh, yeah, that the tagger will do all of that and put it in the database. The reporter is the main, uh, the main agent that is able to do financial planning. It builds a report of your portfolio, looking in detail at the different things like diversification risks. The charter is is a bit of fun, really. The charter is going to be an independent agent that is there to create graphics depicting your portfolio in different ways. So it generates charts. And then retirement is a separate agent that you can think of as a separate team member that's focusing on your retirement prospects. Are you planning correctly for, for uh, for years out there, uh, when it's time for you to retire, based on on all of the AI that you put in production? Uh, and it's planning for that. So that is the, the the agent orchestra, uh, the way that we are coordinating different LM calls to solve this business problem. And this is a moment to point out one other red flag that I often have when talking about agent architectures with, with with students and with with with team members, which is when I notice when people overly anthropomorphize, uh, agents, which is a trap that I'm sort of falling into here. I'm saying things like, this is our agent team, and we have a team member that is the retirement planner. And it's easy to do that because you're thinking in terms of agents. And it sounds right that you'd have different agents with with different human like responsibilities, but it's usually a trap because you should always start by by keeping in mind. Stay grounded on the fact that these are LM calls. These are LM calls, and what matters is the context of that LM call. The way that the system prompt the the way that you the information you're giving it and the context that you're equipping it with in order to carry out its task and to get the best results from an agentic system, you want to be thinking about how you're organizing your context so that you get the best performance from each task that you need to carry out, so that in aggregate, you can solve the business problem in the best possible way. And often that will translate to having human like agents like retirement. But start from the point of view of the business problem you're trying to solve, the commercial problem and how you will get, how you will get the best performance and start, as I said before, with with one LM call with one agent. And if you're finding that the retirement information is, is is is weak and is somewhat off base, that might be a moment to try and measure that and then separate that out to a different LM call, providing it with more explicit context and examples so that your retirement analysis improves. So that would be an example of the right way to go about doing this. The wrong way is to start by saying, all right, my team, my multi-agent architecture team for financial planning includes someone that's focused on retirement. Therefore, I should have a retirement agent that is trying to to think of it in a human like way. And it's very tempting, but I would urge you not to do it that way. Act as a data scientist first and foremost, work on the business problem you're solving in a measured way. And if that ends up being quite similar to having a team that's almost like a human team, then so be it. But start from the data science and from evaluating a problem to be solved. So this is our agent architecture. Now let's look at the deployment architecture of how this will actually get deployed. Well all of these agents will be different lambda serverless functions. It's a common pattern. It's common for agents to either be Lambda or App Runner. If they need to do something like spawn an MCP server, we won't be for these. They will all be lambda serverless functions, and all of them will make use of bedrock for making frontier model calls. And we will use a database called Aurora serverless v2. And I will introduce that database in a moment. And in addition to this, we're going to need some more infrastructure as well to be able to interact with it. And here is that infrastructure. It looks like this. It's something which mostly you're familiar with. The SQS piece is new. We're going to have a front end, which again, as we did in week two, seems like an age ago. It's going to be a website, a static website generated from an XJS front end. We're going to generate a static site. We're going to put that in an S3 bucket. And then we're going to make that. We're going to do a CloudFront distribution so that it's pushed out to the world. And that will be our front end. And that is going to be able to make API calls through API gateway, of course, To a back end API, which will be another Lambda service. A serverless function. So we'll have a backend API. And that backend API is going to be able to submit requests to our planner. And it's going to do that through a new type of AWS infrastructure. We'll look at the queuing system SQS. And that's going to be one of the building blocks for us this week. And of course, there's a lot of AWS infrastructure that I'm not even showing here that kind of comes along for the ride. Like, you know about API gateway. That of course is going to feature here. And you also, we actually probably don't know about Secrets Manager that will be using as a secure way to store secrets. And there's a bunch of other stuff too that's going to, as I say, come along for the ride. So this is more of a of a high level diagram to give you the lay of the land. And do take a moment to look at this and take this in, because we're going to be building all this stuff. And for it to really, really land for you, it's going to be useful to have a good sense of what it is that we're going to be building. So take a moment, take this in, and then we're going to be ready to get going. But just before we do, I want to talk to you about databases.

@@@LECTURE 91 :: Day 1 - Database Architecture for Production AI: Aurora Serverless for LLM Apps
So I'm going to give you like a surface level briefing on databases in AWS. And it's one of those rabbit holes that you can go deeper on should you be interested. So to to define three different terms that we'll look at. One of them is RDS. Amazon RDS relational database service. It is their their managed service. It's like an umbrella which you can slot in different database engines into it. So it can have MySQL. It can have Postgres database and that can be can be run by RDS. And it will do things like standing it up, managing the cluster and so on. So that's the first term RDS. The second term is called Aurora. And Aurora is one of the database engines that you could use under the RDS umbrella. So RDS could could use MySQL, Postgres or Aurora. And Aurora is Amazon's own proprietary relational database, which is designed and built to be fast and scalable by Amazon. So that is AWS Aurora and then Aurora serverless or Aurora serverless v2, as we will use the latest version, is a scalable version of Aurora, a flexible, elastic version of it which is able to respond quickly if you need more scale by growing automatically. So it's great for startups because it starts small with a sort of pay as you go model. And it's also great for enterprise because if you suddenly get extra demand, it will automatically ramp up without any downtime. So that that is the sort of serverless architecture type of Aurora. And it's called Aurora serverless v2. And I should explain that there is like a whole zoo of other database platforms in Amazon. So you may have heard of lots of other names. You might say to me, okay, so what's Dynamo? Uh, which, which you've almost certainly heard of because that's a big one. A dynamo is Amazon's NoSQL offering. So, so if you don't want a relational database, you want a NoSQL database, then Dynamo might be what your go to. And Dynamo is it's a different there's there's no equivalent to RDS. Dynamo is both the the managed service and the database itself. So unlike in the relational world where you pick RDS and then you sort of slot in a different database manager in the NoSQL world you just pick Dynamo. Uh, there's, there's another one called DocumentDB, which is a sort of MongoDB style NoSQL database. There's ElastiCache, which is like Reddis. There's a bunch of others. I think I've put some more in the in the lab as well. And you can you can of course, Google and read about the different database offerings that Amazon offers. But for us we are going to do very well indeed with Aurora serverless v2, built for small scale and for large scale.

@@@LECTURE 92 :: Day 1 - Setting Up Aurora Serverless Database for Multi-Agent AI Systems
And how great it is to be back in Cursa. Here we are in the Alex. Of course, I'm going to open the guides folder where you see a bunch of guides here, and we are going to look at, of course, guide five, uh, which is about the database. And I open the preview, right click and open preview to read our instructions for today. Building our database and shared infrastructure. It begins with a section why Aurora serverless v2. And there's a bunch of information about it. I mentioned a couple of others I didn't say before, like Neptune, which is the graph database. I think I mentioned DocumentDB already. Timestream is there time series one? And this is this is why we pick Aurora serverless v2. So let's keep going. Uh, there is then a diagram to show you a little bit about the architecture we're going to be building. Remember you may need to install a plugin to be able to see this diagram. I think I mentioned that last week. But we'll have a user they'll be able to use an API gateway. And this is going to be using the API Lambda. And then we will have four agents and a financial planner agent that orchestrates that were all using Aurora as their database. So, uh, prerequisites make sure that you are ready to go with steps 1 to 4, which we already did. It's probably worth me mentioning that what we did last week with the data ingest pipeline is something of a separate project. In a way, it's all going to be to be educating this agent framework, but it's not strictly a requirement. So if you shut that down and you want to move on from that, that's fine too. Your agent framework here will be more knowledgeable. It will have deeper financial expertise. If you do complete last week's course and you you have that project running and constantly updating the vectors in S3, but it's not strictly necessary. You can proceed with this week without it. All right? But as is so often the case, our exploits will begin with IAM where it always does. We need to go in to AWS console as the root user. It will also be a good time to check on costs. Always do that. Navigate to policies, create a new policy and click on the JSON tab and create this rather long policy right here. And then click next. And then save it with that policy. So let's go and do that. Now I'm going to select all of this. And then we will go in and do that together. So here I am in the AWS console I quickly do a quick check up there. It's my name. It's the root user. It's always a good moment to go to billing and cost management to check out what's happened to my costs. I've been spending lots of money building this course. I hope you're grateful. Hopefully you will not be spending this kind of money, and you will be obviously reporting your budget and watching it carefully to make sure that you don't do this. Uh, so what we're now going to do is go to IAM, which is where everything to do with security happens to do with access. So we now want to go to policies on the left. We go to policies and we are going to create a policy which I've already created. It's called Alex RDS policy. So I'm going to open this up to show it to you. But you will have followed the instructions to create it, and then you will have selected the JSON. And you can see what I've got here is pasting in that text that you saw then. So this is creating the policy. Uh, that is this, this RDS policy for Alex. And then be sure to save that and check that you can come back in and see it here just like this. And then as it explains in the instructions, you next go to user groups and you find Alex Access, which is the group we set up before. And you can come in here and go to permissions and you can add your Alex RDS policy, the custom policy that we just created. And add that in here as by going to add permissions and attach policies. And then there are a bunch of other policies for you to add as well. Listed there. And you might have already done this because if you remember way back in week three, I showed you I had this list here, and I said, by the way, you could get a head start by adding all of these in here and hopefully you did that. And so you may already have them, but if not, take a look at this list here, or look at the instructions. And by going to add permissions and attach policies, then select with that slightly janky interface when you have to check each one. And it's not clear that it's remembering what you already checked. And then you save on the bottom right. And then you should come back here and see this full list of policies which should should match the guide. And then we are good to go. Okay. So here we are back in cursor. And we now come to verify permissions. Uh so it also reminds us to sign out and sign back in as your IAM user so that you never leave yourself signed in as root. Okay. So we'll bring up a new cursor Cassette terminal. There we go. And now we're going to do AWS RDS describe Dash. DB dash clusters. And let's see what we have here. So we don't have any database clusters. It should return an empty list which is what we want. And if we run this then we should just get a standard little message uh, that tells us. Uh, yeah. What what, um. Arguments are required, which just tells us that we do have access to the data API commands. So we have the RDS data permissions, we have the permissions that we need. And it's now time for us to deploy our serverless database. And of course, the glorious thing about the way that we've built this with separate Terraform directories for each of the days of this course, is that we can do this in a way that we can just add this to the infrastructure we've already got. So in the Alex directory I can change to the Terraform directory again. Uh and I would do it directory by directory. This, this command is of course a mac command. Windows. You need the backslash instead of this. So I go CD Terraform to go into terraform directory and then go into the five database directory which is also we can come over here Terraform and then five database. And you can see in here there's a file called Terraform. Let me just click on that to show it to you. It's something which has uh an AWS region, a min capacity and a max capacity. And you should basically leave that as it is. So the first thing to do is to right click on this and do do copy and then paste and then rename the file that you pasted as Terraform vars. So it is now your real terraform.tf vars that you will check in. Um, although this one isn't going to have too much about it that we'll worry about, but still, it's worth doing this practice. So do that. Copy. Copy the Terraform.tf example to terraform.tf vars. And now edit and set the values to be the ones for your region. For me, it's us East one and then leave these as they are. Now, uh, the the estimate for this right now is $43 per month. If you if you leave it like this and you might think that sounds like a lot of money, but remember, you can bring down this infrastructure every day if you wish. And you can monitor the spend and only have it up when you're using it through the Terraform destroy command that we will do later. So you should only keep this running while you need it and only spend a few dollars. And anyway, you may have credits if you've signed up for an account, so hopefully this may cost you little to nothing. All right. But with that, it's time for us to run the Terraform commands. And so I'm in the five underscore database that this folder here within Terraform this is where I am. And I've made my version of Terraform.tf vars. And I'm now first of all going to run Terraform init. And that's going to be very quick for me because I've run it before Terraform init. And for you this may take a minute or two. Well it sets up all of the state variables and so on. And then I type Terraform apply to actually kick off uh, construction. But before I do, of course we should actually look at main.tf, which is the infrastructure itself. So let's quickly take a look at this. It begins with the providers as always. Uh, then we've got some stuff that creates a password. We use the Secrets manager to store credentials for our database. Uh, and as always, look through this and make sure that that you're comfortable with things. There's some stuff to do with having a default, uh, networking that gets built for us, so we don't need to worry about that. Um, then there's lots of stuff about giving the right security group to Aurora. Uh, read through all of this stuff. You can see all of the, um, the, the, the the min capacity. And max capacity is for our scaling configuration. The password is going to be this random password that was created. Uh, and we're then going to have a backup and maintenance period. This is the kind of thing that's so valuable to look at, because this gives you a sense of what it takes to have enterprise caliber deployment with things like regular backups. Uh, and, um, yeah. Then you can look at the, the, the RDS cluster instance that we're using, the Aurora engine and version, and then you can see some IAM stuff to make sure that we have permissions to everything that we need to be able to do. And that is our Terraform infrastructure. And with that we're ready to terraform apply. And so I run Terraform apply. It thinks for a bit while it works everything out. And it tells me the plan of what it will do. And it asks me to say yes. And when I say yes, off it goes. Creating stuff. And this does take a few minutes to set up all of our infrastructure, our Aurora cluster, and everything that was defined in that Terraform file. And I will let it do its thing, and I will see you in the next video when it's done.

@@@LECTURE 93 :: Day 1 - Setting Up Aurora Database Infrastructure for Production AI Apps
And welcome back. It actually it took seven minutes to create for me and it might take like 15 minutes. So you might be waiting for a bit there, but you should now be the proud owner of your own Aurora database cluster. And now there's a super important step. And you have to pay attention here because you messed this up. Then it could be trouble. So don't. Uh, so what we have to do is we have to add a couple of of variables from this into our env file. And we're going to be using these in various places. So so you need to be careful about this. So what I'm showing here I'm going to make this a bit larger. This is the output of the Terraform. It completed. Apply complete resources 11 added. And here are the outputs. And you can see it's got the various outputs which includes the cluster Arn, the Amazon resource number, the endpoint and a secret Arn Secrets Manager location of a secret. And if you keep going down you'll see here that there it says add the following to your EMV file. And there's two rows here that includes a secret to be added with your Amazon account number in it, and a sort of credentials detail here. And what you have to do is you're going to need to take these two rows here exactly as they are here, and copy that and paste it into the dot EMV file in your project root, which is of course over here. It's there. I'm not going to click on it or you'll see on my secrets. Wouldn't want that, but you should click on it. You should copy these two lines, paste it in your EMV file. Be sure to save. You have to press command S or control S to save it. And as it says, copy them carefully. Be sure about that and then we will move on. So the next thing we're going to do is now test our new database. So I'm going to bring up a new terminal window. You can use the one you've already got if you wish. You just have to be sure to go back to the directory to your root directory. And then you're going to go CD backend. Let's go into the backend end folder. We're going to this folder right here. And we're going to go into the database subdirectory. CD database. Here we are. We're in database. And what we're going to do now is you've run because this is a UV directory. This is a UV project in here. So we can do UV run test underscore data underscore API which is going to try connecting to a new aurora database to see if it's there. And it is there and it's uh, apparently no tables found. It's empty. It's seven megabytes long in its emptiness, apparently. Uh, so there we do indeed have an aurora database that we have connected to through the UV run Test Data API. Now, I hear what you're thinking. You're thinking, hang on a second. So what does Test Data API actually do? And if we're just about to, as it tells us to, to set up a database, what tables are we going to be creating. And herein lies something which which again I'm going to have to to to suggest that you take a bit of a leap of faith with me during the next few days. We've got a lot to do, and I'm going to be focusing most of what I discuss on the deployment aspects and what it takes to deploy this to production. The code itself, this is going to be less about actually writing the software, because that's some stuff we cover in other courses. And besides, I'm I'm imagining that this is a part that you can do or that's just general database coding should you wish. You can, of course, come in to the database directory and you can look at things like the Test Data API class. Let me give it a bit more space. And you can see that it is basically just a sort of script that goes through and does various tests and creates. It goes to RDS client described DB clusters, which we had tried ourselves before. Uh, and you can see everything that it does in code here and see how you can call typical AWS functions through code. And then more importantly, you can see that there's a source, an src directory here where I've put in the actual database code we're going to be using which includes schemas. And this is where it actually describes the data model that we're going to be using. And you can see that it's got the different different data types we'll be using. And you can see how it sets up the different schema that we'll be using. So this is all quite boilerplate Python code. And I should mention that a large amount of this was written by Claude code under my direction I'd write a document, I get it to write it, I come back and check it. And it's the kind of thing when it comes to things like defining database tables, that it's very quick, very good at doing. So. You could also generate this by by asking either the cursor agent or Claude code to do it. Or if you're already proficient at building database schemas, then you could do it yourself and take a look through what I've got here. It's probably like 60% Claude code, 40% me. But it's not the purpose of the course. The purpose of the course is now about deploying it. So what we're now going to do is run the script, which is going to set up all of our data in our Aurora database, and then we'll look at it. So here we are. Uh, it's now going to be time to run the database migration, which sets everything up. And as I say, you can go and read this class and see what it does. So we are now going to do UV run. Run migrations.py and off it goes and you'll see it's going to do a lot of different setup and migration. Complete 17 successful zero errors, all migrations completed successfully. So that has set up the data. And now we're going to populate our tables. In particular there's an instruments table which we want to populate with lots of popular ETFs which are finance people like like exchange traded funds like like spy that a lot of people have in their retirement funds. So we'll set up all of this reference data by doing UV run seed data dot pi. And you can look through this, look at it going as it sets up 22 instruments, seed data loaded successfully. And that has happened. And uh, finally we're going to set up some test data that we'll be using over the next few days, which will set up like a fake user and some fake data that that user will have in their account.

@@@LECTURE 94 :: Day 1 - Setting Up Production Database Architecture for AI Agent Systems
So the next thing we're going to do is run a script which populates our database with test data that we can use. But first, let me just show you what our model, what our data model actually looks like. There's a diagram here that describes our data model just so you understand what we're building. So at the top we have a users table. This is a SaaS system. Different users will be able to log in and see their own separate portfolios as they interact with the with the financial planner. And they should all be completely separate. And they're going to be keyed off a clerk user ID, which is how we're going to make sure that that only a user sees their data. Then a user has multiple accounts. Because a user like yourself, you might have a brokerage account, a retirement account, a savings account. So you can have multiple accounts and each account has multiple positions. A position is like a holding. Like I own ten IBM stock. That would be a position. The the value would be that would be the quantity would be ten. And the instrument, the IBM stock would be another entity in our database, an instrument which has a symbol, a name, and a current price. Now finance people along amongst you will say that it's. It is a bit lame to put current price on an instrument table like this. You should really have a time series of prices. And the first time I was going to build this, I was going to have a time series of prices. But I realized that we would get bogged down in lots of finance detail. So for finance people, if you want to take this a step further and really have a time series of current prices of prices, that would be a fantastic update to make. But for us, we're just going to have every instrument having a current price. A simplification that we will live with. It's still going to allow us to deploy everything nicely to production. So again a user has a user ID that has a number of accounts, each user number of accounts, and each account has a number of positions. And each position is in instruments. And of course you'd have like one instrument referring to IBM stock or Google stock or Amazon stock. And lots of different people could have different accounts, could hold positions in that same instrument, one instrument, one price representing Amazon stock. So that is how it holds together. And the only thing I didn't mention was jobs over on the right. And this is not referring to like, job openings, like a job you take. This is jobs as in runs, as in when we kick off our agentic process to manage things, it's going to create a new entry in this jobs table. So this is this is like tasks. That's how to think of this this this jobs table. And each user can have many of these jobs running. So that's the database schema that we're going to be building. And we've now got a test script to run that will populate that for one test account. So here we go I'm going back into back end and into database. And then I'm going to do UV run reset underscore db dash dash with test dash data. And off it goes. And this is now resetting the database if it wasn't already reset. Running the migrations loading in the seed data. And it's done it, it created a test user uh, user 001 with three accounts and five positions in a 401 account. And if you look back here, you'll see the user, the three accounts being created and the positions which are a certain number of shares in an instrument. So you can relate that back to the entity diagram, the schema that we just looked at a moment ago. And so now we are not only the proud owners of an Aurora database, but it's also a populated aurora database with a test user, some accounts and some positions and some instruments. And indeed, if I run the UV run test data API again, we'll see if it gives us more information. Now let's make that a bit bigger for us and we'll see. The database size is now eight megabytes slightly bigger. And it found the five tables that we we set up. And everything seems to be working well. So that is successfully populated database. Do look through the schema. As I say, the point is not necessarily to be doing the building, but by all means take a look through the code. Satisfy yourself that it's doing what I said and that you understand it so that it's clear how we are. We are going to now be taking this to continue our production build out, uh, and do do come through and look at your cost, your billing and cost management, as always in AWS. If this is going to be a break for you for, for for the end of this day. Then at the end of it, be sure to do a terraform destroy. And then when you're back to working again, do a terraform apply to build it again. All you have to do is please, please remember any time for this one. Anytime you build that infrastructure again, you're going to have to copy those secrets back into your env file. So you'll need to do that each time with with with this piece it's important to remember that, uh, but otherwise uh, that concludes the building of our database. I will see you back for the slides. Well, I'd say today was a gentle start to this big week. Uh, we covered multi-agent architecture, the agent loop, the single agent loop, the database architectures in AWS. And then we built our Aurora database. Tomorrow is a big day. Tomorrow is all about building and deploying agents. That will be Lambda functions. There'll be five of them. We're going to build a ton of infrastructure, so be sure to get a lot of sleep tonight because tomorrow is going to be huge. And it's worth mentioning that this is the 80% point on this course. You're coming into the home stretch. Two days of deploying ahead of us. I can't wait for it. I'll see you then.

@@@END_BATCH
