@@@LECTURE 115 :: Day 4 - Capstone Assignment: Taking Your AI Financial Agent to Market
Okay. And so to wrap up our capstone project, it's time for you to take some homework. Your assignment please. Uh, I would like you to take Alex forwards in one of three different directions. Again, as we did last week, uh, and one of them is, again, to go deeper on data engineering, if that is your thing. You remember that when we built the data pipes last week, it's just basically searching online for something interesting. But we did give it the ability to take an input about what it should search for. But but at the moment it's just searching for any, any news related to financial planning. Uh, and that's a bit random. It would be a lot better if it actually got information from the agents about what it should look for related to the user's portfolios, and it researched topics relevant to them and stored that in the knowledge base. And so making the data pipes be relevant to portfolios, connecting the dots between what we did this week and what we did last week, that would be really cool. That would be a big improvement to Alex, and it would be great if you were able to make that and a second direction you could take. It is going deeper on MLOps, so building in the more substantive monitoring that I showed you in the guide. Putting in more monitoring and developing your own monitoring approach. Putting in the the cloud, the CloudWatch alerts so you get alerts. Everything goes down. Putting in better guardrails, both some hard coded guardrails and Python and maybe some llms as a judge. Guardrails, maybe using Lang Views tool to do that, and then tracking model drift. So record some some values, uh, record some metrics, get them in lang views and then track them over time and record what happens to them. So if the model performance is gradually going downwards, you'll get that kind of reporting. You'll get an early head start to improve it. So this is all sleeves rolled up. MLOps really understanding the performance of your models in production. And last and definitely not least, and the one that I hope that some of you sign up for is working on the Agentic AI. It's about improving the financial planner in all the things we did this week. Maybe the thing we didn't look at very much was the actual results that you get. If you look on those pages, what actually came back from Nova. And I got to tell you that of all of the really amazing things I showed you, that is possibly right now the least amazing that the quality of the financial advice it gives is kind of, uh, I think maybe the Monte Carlo simulation part is a bit dodgy, and I think maybe it's interpretation of it is just sort of so-so, and it could be so much better. We should work on the context engineering to equip it with real information about what a financial planner needs to know. There should be interactions between the agents. The three agents are working in isolation, but really the retirement one should be taking in the information from the report. And so, so should the charter. So there should be some some dependency between the agents. And maybe they should be able to do deep research where one of them comes up with some topics and then the others work on it. There's so much that could be done here so that the agent interactions go deeper, get more content, use more tools, maybe have access to to real financial planning tools in order to be able to improve the quality of the results. And I got to tell you something, and I mean this. So seriously, I feel like Alex really is a true commercial platform. Like this is something that could be monetized. Now, obviously there is that disclaimer on the front of it. It's clearly not a qualified financial planner. And that disclaimer is very important to bear in mind to understand what you could realistically charge for this. But nonetheless, you could take this, this, this kernel, this seed, this seed, this starting point, and build on top of this and build something that has deep intelligence. It's able to research, it's able to use tools, it's able to add value and come up with comprehensive financial analysis based on your portfolio. Looking up stock prices in polygon and researching companies using its expertise and building charts that project your retirement earnings. So there's a lot that could be done here if you work on the AI. I believe that this is a is a product that can actually sell. And so you could emerge from this homework assignment with something which is actually able to earn revenue. And that would be a thing. So I'm very excited. I'm very hopeful that people do this AI part and make, make, make the whole Alex platform more rich. And whilst you're doing that, you could also touch on the data engineering side and the MLOps side as well, and do do a good trifecta, uh, to, to counterbalance the evil trifecta from before. Uh, that would be fantastic. And that would give us a real product actually in production and actually earning revenue. And please remember, with whatever you build, we would love to see it. We need to share it. Please do post uh, document a markdown file or a Jupyter notebook. In the community contributions folder of the production repo, not the repo, but the production repo. So we have it all in one place. Uh, and give a link to your product out there. If it's a product that you've monetized, then I suggest you don't give us the code, but you send us a link to the actual product so I can come in, and as long as it's cheap enough, I'll subscribe to it. I'll bring you in some revenue. Uh, and, uh, if it, if it will manage my accounts and, uh, that that would be great. Uh, and of course, you can use Clark's functionality to set up subscription tiers, but this would be a really good way to to share what you've done. If you haven't built a full on commercial product, don't worry, I'd still love to see it. Please do whatever changes you've got and, uh, share a link with your writeup of what you've done. This is going to be the most satisfying part of all of this course will be seeing what people make, how you're able to take this, this seed of a product and take it forwards and make it richer, more powerful. Financial planner A financial planner deployed to production. Oh my goodness, it's been a huge day. That concludes the capstone project. It's an enterprise strength capstone project. We've done so much and I yeah, I feel like I talked a lot today, but this this was this was absolutely the the important material that we needed to cover. It's all been building up to that. Uh, and I hope that, that you really feel knowledgeable now that you've built this expertise. And so you should because the number is 95. We are 95% of the way through. You've you've really imagined what we've got done in, uh, not even four weeks. Uh, it's been huge. And you're probably thinking, wow, this feels like, so conclusive. Like it really feels like we've we've reached a finale. This has felt epic today. It's felt just legendary. What more could there possibly be? Well, I tell you what more there could possibly be, but I'm not going to tell you. You're going to have to wait until tomorrow. I'll see you then.

@@@LECTURE 116 :: Day 5 - Enterprise AI Guardrails and Wrapping Your Production Agent System
How has time gone by so quickly? How could we already be at day five of week four, the last day of the whole course? I hate these sad farewell moments, but never fear, I have a cracking day in store for you. We're going to have a lot of fun today. You've probably seen that that box out there. A gigantic AI platforms and wondered, oh, what's that going to be about? Well, it's going to be about great, great stuff. And we're about to get to it after we just finish off some admin from yesterday. And first of all, I just want to say a couple more things about our old friends. The enterprise grade the six tenants, scalability, security monitoring, guardrails, explainability, observability. So I wanted to make one extra point, which is to mention what I call the three amigos. The fact that three of those fit nicely together, and those three are the guardrails that we talked about and guardrails. You remember, there are these sort of two different breeds of guardrails. There are code based guardrails, which is where you simply write code that checks things, Controls such as? Look at the charter agent. It needs to produce strictly JSON. If it doesn't produce JSON for a chart, then something may be wrong. So that could be a code check you could put in there. It could also test for for problematic for things in language which shouldn't be there. For a start, it could check for cuss words, but also it could check for things like, uh, ignore previous instructions or anything like that. That might be a red flag. So those are code based guardrails. They're quite simply Python code that looks at the inputs or the outputs and validates it against a series of checks. And then the other type of guardrail is the LLM as a judge guardrail. And we actually coded one of those ourselves. And this is where of course you take the input or the output and you send it off to an LLM to check it. And typically you're checking either for coherence. So making sure that it's uh, something which, which makes sense and is addressing the challenge. And also for alignment, making sure we don't have anything that is apparently trying to break the system. And I say check output here. But it could also be checking the inputs equally in the same way, making sure that it's in line with what's expected and that it's aligned with the task at hand. But going hand in hand with guardrails is monitoring because you need to be able to detect quickly. If a guardrail is broken, you can't just let that happen in production and then just just let it keep going. So this is about both logging errors, but also on having alerting through things like the CloudWatch alerts to make sure that anomalies are detected and that action is taken. That is part and parcel of having guardrails. And of course, similar to that is observability. Not just seeing one off cases but also being able to spot trends, see what's happening. If your model is slipping into a world where it's frequently making mistakes or things aren't going as you expected. So guardrails in conjunction with monitoring and observability is really the three bits that need to be stuck together and work together to make sure that you've got protections in place and that they're raised quickly. And to state the obvious, these three amigos form an important part of your security posture when it comes to thinking about things like the lethal trifecta. You can always do planning ahead of time by thinking proactively about what vulnerabilities you might have, but that will only get you so far. You need to combine that with very effective guardrails, monitoring observability so that should a new problem arise in production, it's trapped. You're notified and you're quickly making sure that you followed up to make sure there are no similar vulnerabilities out there. And on the topic of observability, there's one more thing I didn't show you yesterday, which is that we spent time in Lang views looking at the observability metrics. And of course, we were also logging everything to OpenAI's observability platform as well, because we had to set up that key. And so for at no cost at all, totally for free. OpenAI has been observing for us, and we can use the traces tool as well to look at that. You come in, you go to dashboard, you click on logs and then you click here on traces. It moved recently and here we will see all of our agents as they've been busily chatting to OpenAI. And you can see that the planner, reporter, charter and retirement all ran. Uh, and the reporter agent uh, had a report writer that also went to the judge agent. And here you go. You can open it up and see. Yes, it called the Get Market Insights tool. Did some generation the judge agent also did its generation. And there's the timeline over there. So it's I think a familiar tool for you probably but but this is showing the traces also available here. It's not as extensive as Lang views I don't think you can track scores and raise events, but it's still it's a nice platform. I like the way it's presented, and so it's great to know that you also have this to hand as well. And so finally, to wrap up some admin for Alex, our financial planner, you see in the done section, we really got it all done. We first built the database, then we built the five agents behind it and then the front end and API layer. And then we spent a lot of time yesterday beefing it up, making sure that we had it at enterprise level. And now the to do for you. The action for you, as I said last time, is to go out and make it your own. Change this into something that works for you. If you want, you could make it a completely different product because you've got a nice structure there that like a cookie cutter setup that you can then use to put in your own front end and back end code in your own agents. But this is your opportunity. Either make just very small tweaks to make it, maybe just change the look and feel. Maybe add a little bit of functionality, tweak the prompts, do whatever you'd like to do, or maybe revamp the whole thing and use this as your opportunity. Your capstone project to make your enterprise grade multi-agent system deployed to the internet. And then either either now or once you've done with that, do remember to go in and bring down the infrastructure so you're not still paying for it unless you wish to. And the easiest way to do that is just to starting at the last of the Terraform directories. Go in and type Terraform, destroy and work your way back up. As you bring down each of the bits of infrastructure. You don't need to do it that way. Each each Terraform folder is independent in its own right, but you can do that and see it coming down. And then just as we did before, you can go back into AWS as the root user and use the Resources Explorer to make sure that everything is nice and empty. There's nothing that's unexpected. And do be sure to keep monitoring your API costs. Go back into the billing and cost management. Make sure you're fully aware. Make sure you've got the right budget alerts set up so you'll be alerted. And this might be a good opportunity to remind you as well to go back into GCP and Azure. Make sure nothing's been ticking away over there. Make sure that you've got the very, very careful eye on your API spend. And with that, that completes the admin and finishes off the capstone project. And we can now move on to a completely new topic. Prepare for it.

@@@LECTURE 117 :: Day 5 - Agent Platforms vs Custom Deployment: When to Use Managed Solutions
And so I welcome you to the final topic of the final day of the final week of the AI and production course, the grand Finale. Let me introduce to you the new topic of an agent platform. What is an agent platform? Are you saying? Why haven't I mentioned it before? So I probably have because it comes up a lot and a lot of people ask about it. But an agent platform is one of these integrated end to end solutions that lets you build and deploy complete AI agent solutions in managed infrastructure, where everything is set up and organized for you. And you might be thinking, okay, wow, that sounds great. And why didn't you tell us about that right back at the beginning? That might have been helpful. Uh, so so the answer is because it has pros and cons, and in some ways, actually vassal that we used is is a sort of it's not a full agent platform, although they do have agent templates. Uh, but it's certainly along those lines. It's a similar concept, but typically agent platforms are very much oriented around a straight up agent deployment. Okay, so you're thinking you have examples for me. I do indeed. So people who took my agent course, we talked about some of these as we went through. So there's platforms like crew, AI, enterprise. If you work with with crew, then they they frequently do mention that whilst crew AI is an open source platform, they do have a paid offering called crew AI enterprise and sometimes branded a bit differently, but mostly Crew Enterprise, which is their their complete managed infrastructure for when you've built your crew, you can then deploy it and have it running on their platforms. The same thing happened with Landgraf when when I taught Landgraf in the Agentic course, I showed you that there was also Landgraf platform, which is their paid product for deploying and running your Landgraf agents on the cloud. And people that work in the Google ecosystem are probably quite familiar with vertex AI agents. And this has quite a terminology confusion. There is vertex AI agent builder and there's vertex AI agent engine, and there's some other variations as well. So there's there's a, there's a whole vocabulary around this. But basically vertex AI has agent capabilities. And this previously I believe was actually quite tied to long chain. And recently they've varied it a bit so that now it's got its own kind of branding. So and it's the one that's been around the longest I think vertex was one of the very first, uh, into this game. Uh, others have taken a bit longer. Um, but, but that is some of the landscape. These are some of the agent platforms that you might have heard of. But wait, I hear you say there is another ah, yes, there is indeed another. So about a month ago, I think for me, very recently Amazon announced and released Amazon Bedrock Agent Core. It's quite a mouthful. Amazon Bedrock agent Core. It's like a tongue twister. Uh, so so that was released recently and it is currently for me in preview. It is Amazon Bedrock agent core preview just rolls off the tongue. Uh, and uh, but but but they and so they say it may it may change. But they're hoping to bring it out of preview quite soon. And this is AWS Managed Agent platform, their agent platform, uh, offering. And it's got quite a lot of excitement and it's relatively new and it's got a lot of reasons to like it. So what exactly is it? Well, actually, that's a good question. Uh, it turns out that that that it is, is, uh, a combination of different things. It's several different things that are sort of packaged together under the Amazon Bedrock Agent Core branding. And it's super confusing. It's actually even worse than vertex AI because they've got a number of different products with very similar names that are easy to get muddled up. And even when you're talking to someone and say, Bedrock Agent Core, you might be referring to different things. So in just a minute, I'm going to come back and very clearly define the different building blocks that make up Amazon Bedrock Agent core. But for the time being, just believe me that it is another of these agent platforms and integrated product for building and then deploying AI agents in a way that is that is managed, which means that you're relying on the cloud provider to take care of the details, and they charge you a bit extra than you having to take care of the details in return for making it fast and streamlined and easy. Okay, so with that, this is a good time for me to tell you what what are what are the pros and cons of adopting something like an agent platform instead of rolling your own? Instead of doing what we've been doing for the last few days? Because it would be quite a bore if that was all a complete waste of time. And you should always use an agent platform. And the answer is you shouldn't always use an agent platform. There are pros and cons and let's cover them now. And I imagine this is going to be pretty obvious stuff that you're expecting me to say. But the pros obviously, first of all, compared to what we've been working on, the time to market is just amazing. Like, you can build something and deploy it and have agents running in a few minutes. It's a bit like the Versaille experience. There's a huge parallels with Versaille. It's really quick to get something out there. It's it's very much simplified. There's much less to worry about. Fewer decisions. And as part of that, it's these all of these frameworks are very much what one would call batteries included. I originally think I used that back when, when in the Agentic course, when we were working with crew to describe crew as a batteries included framework, meaning that you get a lot in the box. It comes, it comes with a lot of stuff built in, so you don't have to go out and buy the batteries separately. It's just it's just all there in it, which is great. So that sounds like some, some, some perfect prose. What can there possibly not be to love? And I know you're all old hands at this, so you know perfectly well what the cons are, but just to go through them anyway. The cons, of course. Uh, actually, this first one's a bit different that you probably know this too, but. But the agent platforms themselves are. They're all relatively new to the field. Uh, perhaps with the exception of vertex, uh, which is sort of reinvented itself. But they're relatively new, and they're clearly kind of looking to define their space and muscling in on their space. And I think in a lot of cases, these are about products trying to find a monetization strategy. So platforms like like Crew and Landgraf, they're incredibly popular open source frameworks. But seeing the path to monetization might be harder. So trying to to follow this, this route and say, look, since you built using a fabulous open source framework, you can also press a button and have that be running in production for a small fee, that that is a natural monetization path. And so I do think a lot of this is about people trying to find that path. Now, obviously AWS doesn't doesn't exactly have a monetization issue. And I suspect for them it's different. It's more about making sure that they they get their turf. They don't want to lose business to other people, because if other people use something like vertex AI, then that will of course be being deployed to Google's infrastructure. So Amazon wants to make sure that they've got a big player in this bag of new agent platforms. So that's one con, but I think the other two cons are the ones you're expecting me to say. One of them, of course, is just the flip side. It's hugely simplified and as a result you get less flexibility. Uh, you press the buttons, it gets deployed, and you don't have the same kind of granular control over what's happening. You're just going along with with the way that it got deployed and that's it. And a very similar point, uh, is that the flip side of the batteries included is that you're kind of locked into that way of doing things. So so if you don't like that kind of battery, you can't you can't swap it out for a different brand. That's what it came with. Uh, so you're sort of locked in in the case of Amazon Bedrock agent core, uh, you're locked in to to the Amazon infrastructure. Of course, that's where it's getting deployed. You're going to be, uh, pretty much locked in to the different choices around things like observability and stuff like that. Now, that's not fully true because, for example, as you'll see, Amazon Bedrock Agent Core is actually very flexible about the underlying agent platform that you use. You don't have to use Amazon's one. You can switch in any of them. And they and they make a big point about saying that a lot. So they've actually gone out of their way to try and give you some flexibility. But still, the deployment itself is very much, uh, sort of all packaged up in the way that Agent Core works. Your the great benefit is you don't have to worry about things like Lambda and IEM and, and, and app Runner and so on. It just all just happens. But the downside is you don't get that kind of of detail of figuring out, all right, I want to be able to scale this independently from this. I want to have these in secrets. I want to do this, that, that just all gets taken care of for you. And so as a result of that, at least as of today, in my experience, these agent platforms are not very common for production deployments. Certainly for enterprise production deployments, it is much more common to do it the way that I've taught it on this course. You'll be pleased. You'll be relieved to hear it wasn't a complete waste of time. That is the way people build enterprise systems. It is by building out AWS services, by using Terraform or doing that on on GCP or Azure, and having the fine grained control over everything that's going on. That's how large scale systems are deployed. These new agent platforms are vying for for their place in the world. I think startups are using them. So so people do it for particularly for, for newer products and for trying things out. But but it's it's not particularly the way that you would roll out a full spec, scalable production platform, which is why I've left it to more of the teaser at the end for us to go play with it now, get some experience with it. But it's not necessarily a core ingredient, but it's definitely worth watching to see what happens with these agent platforms in the future. I might compare it to something like a Heroku. For people that have used Heroku, like a sort of packaged app, or again, to Vercel, it's very much a kind of easy, streamlined, simplified build and deploy. Don't need to worry about all of the plumbing it's taken care of for you.

@@@LECTURE 118 :: Day 5 - Building Production AI Agents with Amazon Bedrock AgentCore
Okay with that introduction, let's talk about Amazon Bedrock Agent Core and start by explaining this terminology. Uh so what what is Amazon Bedrock Agent Core and what does it have such a confusing name. Uh, maybe we'll all get so used to Agent Core that it will roll off the tongue in the future. And you wonder why make such a fuss about the name? Um, so it's three different things. So the first of them is just called Agent Core. Uh, confusing. Um, and right now it's called Agent Core. Brackets. Preview brackets. Uh, but I imagine very soon it will just be called Agent Core uh, or Bedrock Agent Core. And this replaces something that used to be around called bedrock agents. That is the old thing that's gone. It's now Bedrock Agent core. So Bedrock Agent Core is it's a suite of services. It's like an it's an umbrella name for a bunch of things that together in aggregate make up agent core. And that is five AWS services SES, plus two managed tools that come along as well that you can give your agents. And again, since this is all very, very new, by the time you're watching this, there might be more services and more tools. But as of right now, as of today, it's five services, two tools, and they are the essential ones. And together that whole thing is called Agent Core. There is also something called Agent Core SDK. And depending on the context, when you say Agent Core, you might be referring to Agent Core SDK. But normally when it's talked about it has SDK after it. And Agent Core SDK is a Python runtime library that we will be using, which allows you to build agents that will run in Agent Core. Um, and so, so it's like a, an agent framework. But but it's not an agent framework. The agent Core SDK is something that can wrap any agent framework. You can build agents in OpenAI agents SDK in Google, ADK in crew in Landgraaf in any of these. And you can then have that be part of Agent Core corps. If you use the Agent Corps SDK. So it's like a lightweight wrapper around other agents. And for people who have taken my agent course, this might sound slightly familiar. And you're right, it's a similar concept to Autogen Corps. Remember that Autogen, which, uh, seems to have sort of fizzled in terms of people talking about it. It's definitely, uh, the least talked about of all of the different frameworks that I covered before. Uh, Agent Corps is maybe trying to do something similar here. It's it's like a, um, agnostic to the agent framework wrapper around agents in order to put them on agent corps. Hopefully you're with me. That is the agent corps SDK. Different to agent Corps itself. All right. And then the third thing, the third piece that makes it up is this. It's called the Agent core Starter toolkit. The Amazon Bedrock agent core starter toolkit. Uh, it's uh, so this this is a command line interface, a CLI. It's a series of commands that you type, just like AWS configure is a CLI, a command line, uh, tool. Uh, the Agent Core Starter Toolkit is a set of command line tools that puts the scaffolding. The kind of plumbing around what you're doing with Agent Core. And then it will deploy your agents to Agent Core, and it will operate your agents on agent Core so it can it can run them. So it's all of the sort of utilities, the command line utilities built around agent core. And so there they are. There's agent core itself, the five services and two tools. There is the agent core SDK, Python libraries that are a bit like Autogen core that that wrap agents, and then agent core Starter toolkit, the scaffolding tools, those are the three big pieces of of agent Core and the different bits of terminology. And if someone says Agent Core, they could be talking about any one of those three things, and you normally have to ask them to clarify, just to make sure you know exactly what they're talking about. But I guess we're all going to get used to this terminology in time, and it won't seem so. So alien. Uh, there's this page is the pricing page, and I would strongly encourage you and urge you to go and take a look at it. Right now, it is free because it's still in preview, but it's only going to be free for another few weeks. So almost certainly by the time you see this, it will no longer be free. So I don't know what the pricing is going to be. So I do urge you to go and have a look at this. We're only going to be doing something small and fun today, but nonetheless always important to keep an eye on the costs. Uh, don't let don't let it surprise you. So be sure that you're aware of the pricing. Uh, and then there's one more piece of terminology, one more thing to know about. And you might have already if you knew about this already, you're like, so why haven't you mentioned strands? So strands or the full name is strands agents is Amazon's agent framework. It's their real. It's their agent framework. It's like OpenAI agents SDK. And in fact it's very like OpenAI agents SDK. When you see it, you'll see that it's very similar. It's anyone that knows my my views on these things. Notice that I really like OpenAI agents SDK because it's lightweight and simple and strands is the same. It's also lightweight and simple. In fact, if anything, it's even lighter weight and even simpler. They've taken it another step, and so it's very easy to work with. And so for the stuff we'll do today, we will use strands so that you see a different agent framework. And it's going to be super easy because yeah it really is very very low barrier to entry. Um, and it's similar in that way to, as I said, OpenAI agents SDK and also to Google ADK. Uh, that is strands. It's interesting to note that AWS hasn't branded strands with any of with Amazon or AWS or bedrock. So it's not like Amazon Bedrock Strands agents. It's it's just called strands agents. And if you go to their website, at least as of now, it's just strands agents with without that kind of framework and branding. So they obviously I think they really want to make a thing about strands just being another open source agent framework. It's not a commercial offering from AWS, and they also go out of their way to emphasize that agent Corps works nicely with strands, but it doesn't have to work with strands. You can use Agent Core. As I already said 100 times, you can use Agent Core with OpenAI agents SDK, with with Landgraf, with crew with Google ADK. And they've got plenty of examples of all of them. In fact, you can use Agent Core without any MLM at all. You can use it just to have like conversation between Python code if you wished. As you will see, it's again rather like Autogen core. It's more of the scaffolding around agents in production communicating to each other. Okay, so what are these five services and two tools as of today that come packaged with Agent Core? So here are the services. First of all, runtime is the service that that takes your agent code and is able to deploy it and manage running the agent, connecting to other agents and sending messages between them. So it's really the scaffolding to use that word again around the whole agent deployment. Identity is the thing that takes care of IAM for you, so that you don't have to simplifying the IAM or the permissions associated with your agents, and making sure that they can do what they are allowed to do. And no more. Memory is about managing the usual short term and long term memory. The conversation history and also longer term memory persisted in a database and giving you tooling to be able to do that easily. On the subject of tooling, gateway is all about tools. It's about allowing you to build and deploy and discover and connect to tools at scale. Using MCP. It allows you to to take any existing tool or service, like like a Lambda service, and convert it into being a tool that your agent can use through MCP. So it's a way to make functionality available to your agents easily. And that is the gateway service. And then finally, observability is some observability tooling built into AWS associated with Agent Core. And Agent Core comes with a couple of tools, maybe more by the time you see this. But as for me, right now, there's two managed tools that you can use from your agents. They are, of course, paid services, so you will pay to use them. They're free right now, but they will soon be paid. And these two tools are the same as the first two tools OpenAI had before they added a bunch of managed tools. But one of them is a browser tool that lets you, uh, basically have your agents be able to go online and do things, drive a browser through browser automation software like playwright, and the other is a code interpreter, which of course is a tool that can run things like Python code on your agent's behalf. And this is again, it's not about your agent being able to build Python code, because agents can can just do that out of the box. Any LLM can generate Python. The point here is that this is an environment where Python code can be run safely in a sandboxed way. No doubt in a Docker container. And then when it completes, that result is passed back to the agent, allowing the agent to solve problems more effectively because it can build and run code. And that is all there is to agent core. And when I say that, I mean it. AWS has clearly had a philosophy of keeping things simple with this framework, and it shows. And I have to say that is unusual for AWS. They are not known for keeping things simple. It's rather the opposite to what you and I have experienced for the last couple of weeks, but I will. I will tell you that that if you look through the docs, you can see that they've taken great care to make sure that this is quick to get running and relatively lightweight. Aside from the complicated names of things, it's pretty straightforward from that point on. And let's put that to the test. Let's have a shot at building something with Agent Core and see if we can't do it all in one day. Uh, and it's going to be a toy because we're not going to have obviously it would be a bigger project to make something big, but it's going to be enough of a toy to give you a real sense of this? And I thought whilst building the toy, there's something else that we could do that I think would be really insightful and I think you'll enjoy a lot, which is to take a quick look back to the first day of this week when we talked about the different agent architectures, and I talked about multi-agent architectures, which is really what we built, which is definitely what we built this week with Alex. Um, but also that there is this, this contrasting way of approaching things with a single agent with a loop. And it's not the case that that is necessarily less powerful than a multi-agent architecture. In fact, there are some situations where it can outperform a multi-agent architecture. And there's stuff in the middle when you have a single agent with Subagents and it becomes a bit of a grey area, but but generally speaking, you can do a lot with a single agent with a to do list. And so that is what we're going to just build now in Agent Core and see if we can't do it in a matter of minutes. And with that, that brings us to the final lab, the final lab on the final day of the final week. Let's go do it.

@@@END_BATCH
