@@@LECTURE 100 :: Day 2 - Packaging and Deploying Multi-Agent AI Systems to AWS Lambda
And now we've reached step four of the guide. And the big thing to do now is to be packaging everything up for Lambda. And this time, we're not going to do them one by one, because it's just a nice little script in the parent directory in backend. So CD backend. There we are. And now I'm going to do UV run package_docker.py. And off it goes. Packaging packaging packaging. So let's just quickly explain what this is doing. It's going to use Docker to do the packaging process. We're not building a Docker container. I know it's a bit confusing. We're we're using Docker in order to make sure that the things that we package up are ready for Linux. For Lambda, it's a common technique. We're packaging up each agent together with its dependencies. We're going to be creating different zip files for deploying to Lambda. And it's going to take several minutes. What we're expecting to come out of this is that in each subdirectory there'll be a new fresh zip file created, which if we if we go into each each of these directories look at charter. You'll see there was already one there from before charter zip. But each of these is being recreated right now. Uh, and they will be happening and it will take a few minutes to run. But when it's done, we'll be the proud owners of packaged zip files for each one. There we go. You can see what I've been yammering away. The first one's been done, and in a moment, they'll all be done. And I will see you then. And you'll see that this has run successfully. Everything has been marked success. Five out of five packaged. We now have five new zip files in each of those subdirectories. Okay. It's time to deploy. So we're going to go back to to terraform. The terraform directory has a six underscore agents directory with our Terraform set up for our agents. And first of all we're going to again copy Terraform to make that into our official Terraform files. So you can just right click on here and do a copy and paste and rename it to look like this. Now in here we'll need to set the the Lambda function the region as US East one for me. And wherever your region is for you, you can leave these two blank. This was the Aurora cluster. Uh, Arn and secret. Um, because it's going to be able Terraform is gonna be able to look that up, uh, from the existing infrastructure. But you will need to populate the S3 bucket name. Uh, Alex vectors. It should be Alex Vectors. And then the your account ID, it's whatever we did back in all the way back in part three. Uh, and the bedrock model ID will be using, uh, I suggest Nova Pro, the bedrock region, which I suggest us West two, and also the SageMaker endpoint name, because our agent needs to be able to vectorize questions to be able to look up research of. And then finally the polygon API key and the polygon plan just the word free or paid. So there's quite a lot in there to fill in. If we go into the example, you'll see that that in this example file it's all here for you. Fill in the region. You can you can just delete that and leave it blank. Um, you can also paste in your actual credentials and uh, key if you wish. I think I did do that. So maybe you should do that. But I believe if you leave it blank it will automatically populate it anyway. Then your Alex vectors your bedrock model ID and the SageMaker endpoint, your polygon plan that, uh, it can be. I should probably make it default to free, uh, your key and your plan and then leave this commented out. This is something we will come back to. Lang views is a joy for another day. Uh, so, um, save save this as Terraform.tf vars and then come, come back here and it's time for us to to do this. That's all there is. Uh, of course it's worth taking a look at main.tf. Let's look at what infrastructure. There's a lot of it. We're about to kick off. There's going to be the, uh, the SQS queue. This is how we we will be delivering tasks to our agents. So there is this SQS queue. SQS simple queue service is the AWS service that allows you to have managed tasks that go on a queue and they get picked up and run. Um, and then we have some IAM stuff. There's always IAM stuff, lots of policy stuff here. And uh, you can read through all of these policies. We have S3 objects for our Lambda packages. Uh, so each of our, each of our Lambda deployment packages gets a S3 object and then the Lambda itself, AWS Lambda function. This is planners Lambda function. And you can see where we specify the zip file for it to collect. Uh, and this is where we specify the environment variables that it needs to have. Uh from, from the file. Then this is the, uh, planner, uh, and the tagger and reporter and, uh, charter. So here you see them all. And retirement. That's our final agent. Those are all of our different, uh, setups. And then we have here. Which one is this? Sorry, that that is the retirement lambda function. Uh, then we have some CloudWatch log groups, and that is it. That is our full set of Terraform, uh, code to describe our infrastructure that we're building. And now we're going to do a Terraform init and then Terraform apply. And it shouldn't be required. But just to be extra safe, I did just copy from my env file those two aurora secrets into that terraform tf vars file. So so I'm in good shape. You should do the same. And then we're going to go into the upper directory into Terraform. And now we're going to go into the sixth agents directory. And we're going to go ahead and run terraform init. This should be a quick for me, but it might take a little bit longer for you. And then terraform apply. This is the big one. It's going to tell me what it's about to do. And I'll have to type the word yes I'll type yes and off it goes doing its stuff. It's now deploying five different agents to five different Lambda functions. It's uploading those zip files that have been packaged up. They first go to S3 and then they get uploaded to the Lambda function. It's also setting up the SQS, the simple queue service, so that eventually our user interface will be able to put something on a queue and then let everything run. And all of that has been built along with things like CloudWatch stuff and the IAM stuff. And I'll come back when it's finished and we'll be ready to give this a try. And it completed. There we go. It finished up and it says that that uh, everything is deployed and it gives us the model, the region where SQS is. And it also tells us about the CloudWatch logs that were created. So lots of good information there. The next step isn't strictly necessary in this case, but a good practice to do it is to redeploy all of our lambdas. You would want to do this anytime you change any code. So we'll go back. We have of course just deployed the lambdas. So they are all all up to date. But we go into backend and we do UV run deploy all lambdas.py and off that goes. And that is now going to first. That's what's called tainting, which is marking each of these different deployments as needing to be redeployed. And it's going off and deploying them right now updating the five Lambda functions with our packaged code. And we will let that run. And I'll be back in a minute. All right. And that has been deployed successfully. And you know, I you know, I don't use the expression moment of truth lightly. It's been a while since I've set it apart. Here we have it. Here we have surely a moment of truth. Let's go into. We're now going to test. Test each of our agents remotely. We're going to start with a simple one, the tagger. So we're going to go into tagger uh and we're going to do UV run test full uh test underscore full dot pi. And so the difference between this and test simple is that what this is doing is making a lambda call to tag three instruments. So it's calling out to our serverless function running in the cloud. And it's doing it in the same way as the planner. The the lambda function itself will call the others. So off it's going to lambda to tag these instruments right now. Uh, and once we're done with that, we're going to come through and test each of them in turn. Uh, and the first time, of course, that lambda function has to spin up, so it might take a bit longer and it's then going to go through and tag each of those. Uh, and with any luck, there we go. It's finished. Uh, and we've got back some, some tagging that happened. Uh, and uh, yeah, all of these three got, uh, got tagged and there were no errors. So that is a success. And now let's go up and go to reporter and UV run test full dot pi. And we're now running the reporter again also running it as a lambda function. And while we're doing that let's just look back what we're seeing here. Checking database for tagged instruments Arc was tagged successfully, Sophie was tagged successfully. And Tesla was taxed successfully as a North American equity. That sounds good. Uh, some of this looks a little bit odd. Uh, 98% equity and 2% cash. I guess that that might well be true. Uh, I have to say, I don't know. So, uh, the, uh, the tagging does appear to have been successful. Um, the, uh, reporter Lambda is now running, and there we go. We can see that it came back with a bunch of reports. Report generated successfully. Uh, and, uh, that all sounds great. I don't know what this is, but I think we can safely ignore it because this is clearly generated successfully, and everything worked. And now we'll go and try the charter. Uh, UV run test full. Off it goes. And you know what? We can we can be, uh, we can show how lambda is nice and asynchronous because we can open another terminal at the same time and run retirement and planner in parallel. Uh c backend, uh, and, uh, we can go into, um, retirement and UV run, test full pi and kick that one off and then open another terminal and CD, uh, back end and CD planner. This is the big one, of course. And you've run test.py. And this is the, uh, the the. Yeah, we'll let that run as well. So, so, um, each of these is now running. Let's go back up to charter and see how that's doing that already completed. It created a bunch of different charts, just as we would hope. It looks rather similar to the one that was running locally. But this has of course run on Lambda. And here we go. We see that the retirement one also completed successfully. And now if we come over here, uh, you can see that this is, uh, running at the moment, uh, and it's monitoring the job progress right here, which is, which is great. And this one might take a bit longer, the planner, since it's got to do all of the others. So I will come back in a second when planner, which is the last of this set of tests, uh, has completed.

@@@LECTURE 101 :: Day 2 - End-to-End Testing of Multi-Agent Systems on AWS Lambda
And there we have it. The last test was successful, which concludes our five remote tests of each of our agents by calling their serverless functions running on Lambda. And it remains for us now to do a proper full end to end test by going into the back end folder and running this thing called test full. So what does that do? Well, let's let's just first cue ourselves up CD back end. Uh, actually what I might do is run it and then talk about it. So you've run test underscore full pi. Let's leave this running. Off it goes. Let me show you what it actually does. This is test dot pi. Here it is. So it starts by setting up some data. If it doesn't already exist, but the data is already there. It then looks for a particular queue called Alex Analysis Jobs, which is an SQS queue, and it checks that it's there. And then it basically calls send message to SQS. So we are putting a message on the queue with a job ID on it, and then we have sent it and that's what happens. And then we monitor what's going on. So so this is how it works. This is how we put something on SQS. And we let that be picked up by our planner agent that is running out there on Lambda. So we'll let this do its thing. And I will see you in a minute back here. And that has completed. And by the way, if you were thinking a moment ago. But hang on, isn't that just how the test full in planner works anyway? The answer is yes it is. I know, but but but it seems more important if we run it from from the parent directory and the test gives more output and prints more. So. So that's why, uh, so here it is, the job completed successfully. It gives you the results of the analysis, the report that was generated, the executive summary, uh, and the job details at the end, and that it took a minute and a half for me. And so that is a completed end to end test. Uh, and, uh, so there you have it. Uh, there are some, some more tests in here. Uh, and, uh, actually, I think I might have, I might have deleted that one because there was too many test files, so I might remove this, uh, but, uh, but you can always write that yourself. You could write a test. Multiple accounts. Uh, should you should you wish. But never fear, we will be doing that ourselves in anger next time. Uh, so, uh, I know this this feels a bit abstract because everything we've been running has been behind the scenes. And should you wish you could go into AWS console, take a look at CloudWatch and see some evidence that things really have been happening. The only reason I'm not doing that now is because of course, in two days time we have observability and we're going to be really digging in to see everything that's been going on. So for the time being, we have to trust that our test class is being honest when it says that all these things have happened, that six visualizations really were created by that agent running on the cloud, called by another agent. Also running on the cloud are different lambda functions on the internet called each other, and our agents collaborated to produce this financial planning analysis. All right. Let's go back to the slides to wrap up. So I promised you a big day and hopefully you agreed I delivered. It was a big day. We got a ton done. We built out this this Lambda deployment with agents deployed to serverless functions, calling other agents, deployed serverless functions, and orchestrating themselves in production on the internet between different AWS services. Exciting stuff. And tomorrow we bring it to life with a front end. So you'll actually see this happening. It's going to be really, really great. And that brings us to the 85% point. So much is happening and I. Today. Today you really earned that 5%. It was a big 5%. Uh, and tomorrow's going to be super satisfying, I hope I hope you're excited for it. And by that point, we will get you to 90% as we get to the very final stretch of you having the expertise to be able to deliver AI at production grade.

@@@LECTURE 102 :: Day 3 - Building the Frontend for Your Production AI Agent System
And welcome back. I am, I am looking forward to today. It is week four. It is day three. It is the day that we complete the build out of the capstone project by adding on the front end. It's not the end of the capstone project because we still have to make it enterprise grade, but it's going to be a lot more built out in the course of the next day. So one more time to remind you what Alex, the financial planner, is, although I think you're pretty familiar with this now, SaaS commercial application to be a financial planner with a subscription ability for users. We built the research agent last week, and then two days ago, we built out the database capability using Aurora V2, serverless. And yesterday, which was a big day. Yesterday, we built out five different agents running on Lambda to orchestrate the process of doing financial planning for one of our users. And today we're going to be adding the front end. But when I say front end, I really mean like the front end and the back end, the front end and the API layer that it will call to. And you're pretty familiar with the agent diagram by now, but I'm going to show it to you one more time. And I do hope by now this is really clicking. Yesterday we built those four. There's four. There's five blue boxes in the middle. The agent deployment the planner that orchestrated amongst the tagger which remember was through more of a workflow, just a series of Python code to orchestrate the calling of tagger many times and then using tools, calling out to reporter, charter and retirement. We also built that yellow queue, the SQS. We built the ability to have a queue. That planner listened on and we tested that out. And of course, all of them used Bedrock Frontier model running on bedrock. We're using Nova. Hopefully you're trying out OSS 120 and it's using our database Aurora serverless v2. And you'll note what I haven't included on this diagram is that of course it was tapping into everything we did last week. We also had SageMaker and bedrock that way in the mix as well. So there's a whole side of this which is layered on the on the right, perhaps that I'm not showing here as well that you hopefully have in the back of your mind too. And again, I want to make the point that one of the things that makes this production grade is that we didn't just take a piece of software that had, like OpenAI agents SDK code, using tools to call other agents in one runner in one await runner run. Uh, but rather the way it worked is that each of those tool calls resulted in a call to a different lambda serverless function. So really, you can imagine each of these blue boxes, each of these agents is like a totally separate, uh, API. It's a totally separate deployed service running serverless on AWS. And the tool calls in planner were able to call out to different Lambda functions, and it didn't need to be an agent that could have just been Python code, or it could have been doing something completely different. It didn't know that. It just knew it was using its tool. But this approach of deploying each agent as is a separate lambda. Serverless function, is A, is a is an excellent, scalable approach and a very common approach for deploying production strength agentic systems. Okay, so hopefully you've already got that one. I really hammered at home 100 times. Uh, and you've seen it in the code and hopefully that's all clicking for you. So what are we doing today? We are of course adding on these two things. On the top left there. We're adding on our front end, which is going to be a Next.js app that we will we will deploy, we will put that Next.js app. We will we will make it create a static website, and then we will deploy that to S3. And then we will make a CloudFront distribution so that it's pushed out to, to the internet. We'll also have a backend API, another Lambda function that can that can be something that the front end can call to in order to populate itself. And of course I'm not showing it here, but that that Lambda API can also, uh, query the Aurora serverless database, of course, to retrieve information that will be shown in the UI. So that's how this all fits together. And you hopefully remember as well that one of the technicalities that's that's that's difficult is we have to be careful about cause about making sure that we've got the right cross origin setup so that that browser, that front end has the authority to be calling the back end. And there's another technicality that you also hopefully remember. It won't be directly calling Lambda. It will be calling the API gateway. And the API gateway is definitely the way to do this in an enterprise robust way, because it's something that we can configure with with rate limiting and throttling to make sure that that API isn't abused. So we'll be doing that as well. It's all great best practices. Let's get to it. And here we are back in cursor the Alix project, which are the project we'll be in. And we're going to go into guides and we're going to guide seven front end. Open the preview. Here it is building Alex's front end. So here's another of these diagrams that is a little bit more detailed than the one I had before. You can see a few things which are worth pointing out. One is of course, we're bringing back Clark. I didn't even mention that in the previous diagram, but we're going to have Clark to be doing our auth, which we know well from all the way back in week one. Uh, and then our web pages will be deployed through the CloudFront distribution. Uh, the CDN stands for Content delivery network is what sort of thing CloudFront is. Uh, and, uh, in order to get that data, it will be using static files. It will have put in an S3 bucket. And when it makes the when the browser makes the backend requests, they'll be coming through API gateway. And that will be coming through to our Lambda. And that will be putting trigger on the SQS queue which is calling our agents. And all of this is getting data from Aurora. So that is what we have. And the first step is to get going with Clark. And there I have some good news. So the instructions tell you how to go to the clerk dashboard and set up a new subscription plan account for users to come into your product. But of course, the good news is that none of that is necessary, because we already did this in week one for the SaaS application, and we can reuse exactly the same setup. Just it's just called SaaS. And you can always change change the name in the future if you want to. But for now, let's just stick with what we've got. So you could, if you want, go into the dashboard and set up a new account there or a new application. But why not just open the SaaS repo that you built before? Go to the env file and find your various keys. And now we can just configure that for ourselves now. So you need to create a file in the front end directory. So in this directory there needs to be a file called env. Be careful about this. And that needs to to look like this. It needs to have a next public plug publishable key with the PK. That's the public one. Next. Sorry. Then just Clark's secret key with the secret key that begins ESC. And then just copy and paste in the rest of this so that it's got those other variables set. So be sure this needs to be called EMV and it needs to be right there in front end, not in the parent but in front end in our app. So go and do that and then we will move on to, to uh, getting close to a moment of truth. The next step is to edit the EMV file in the Alex, the root directory, the project root. So this is a server environment variable and put in that Clark JDBC URL. You remember that, uh, take the one that you actually have from week one. Take it and put it in that file. Or you can always go, if you already cleared out that repo, then of course you can go to the Clark app and take it from there. Uh, and there are the instructions of where to find it, but that URL needs to go in your EMV file. And with that, we should be ready to put the show on the road. Uh, let's go do this.

@@@LECTURE 103 :: Day 3 - Running Full-Stack AI Apps Locally Before Production Deployment
Okay. Not so fast. I hear what you're saying. Before we launch it, we should at least look at the code for a second. We should at least see what is it that we're going to be launching. So let's just take a quick look in front end. So you'll notice right away the word pages there, which is your clue that we are using the pages router, not the app router. You remember those two different ones. And the reason we're using pages is because, again, I don't know if you remember from week one that I discovered that Clark, when you're using it with a static website, needs to use the pages router. It's not ready for the router. So we look in pages. You may remember the familiar underscore app TSX. Uh, and we've got a bunch of things going on here. And you can take a look through this code. Again. It's going to be a tailwind app. It's again TypeScript version just like we had in week one. And whilst this isn't a course about building user interfaces, you can look through some of this. But this is what I will tell you. You remember I said that I had the experience with Claude code in yesterday building the agents, which was pretty frustrating and I lost my temper a little bit. Sorry. You got to worry. When. When, uh, when the overlords take over? Uh, when when when when Claude rules the roost. Uh, I hope it's not able to look back and see some of the things I said to it, because I'm going to be in big trouble. You guys are gonna have to bail me out. You tell tell tell her that it's not what I'm normally like. Anyway, uh, the Claude code experience with the server side code was, was was, uh, hit and miss, and I got very frustrated. The front end experience was extremely different. And maybe it's because I'm a terrible front end developer, but. But I don't think so. Uh, generally speaking, the code quality was excellent, and it was just it was just spot on with the back end. It would make mistake after mistake with the front end. It built really quickly and I only need to give it some fine tuning around, changes I wanted to make or some some aspects of the page that seemed a bit janky. Uh, and it picked it up really quickly. So one thing I will say to you, if you're not a front end developer, then it's not a problem because cloud code can do a really fantastic job. Or the cursor agent. Anytime I say cloud code, the cursor agent can can can achieve the same thing. So you still have to give it direction. You still have to explain. But I didn't have to describe how to do the pages like the the code that you'll see in here from, from obviously this is the, the high level one which uses the same cloud provider you remember from before. Um, and but if we go into, uh, document and then into, say accounts, you'll see all of this here. It's very nicely done. It's, it's, uh, extremely clean. It's using all of the tailwind classes. It's using a color scheme that I laid out. I gave it the brand colors to use. I described the style, um, and it's built each of these different sections. And as I say, I'm not I'm not planning to go through this front end code with you, especially as I didn't write it. Uh, but I do recommend you at least look at how it's structured and organized to give you these these cues. And bear in mind that I'm a horrible front end developer. I didn't write any of this. I finessed it from, uh, in a very small way. This was largely Lem generated, and it just shows you what you're able to achieve. So this is all in pages, and there's also a separate directory for looking up a particular account. This is the account details page. Um, and you'll also see you'll see the different the main nav which is going to be dashboard and then accounts and then advisor team and then analysis. Those are going to be the four main navigations that you will see. Uh, and uh, like in the index page is the, the uh, the home screen. Uh, so as I say, all created by doing, uh, some interactions with AI agents to generate this, but but I gave it a color scheme. I said, we need the pages, router, Next.js app. Uh, it did the rest. Okay. that's enough. Intro. It's time now for us to run the good old, uh, npm install and get this running. Okay, so here we go. I'm bringing up a new screen here. I'm going to CD into front end. Front end I'm excited. Jittery. All right. So now we're going to type npm install which for me will be very quick. But for you will take longer. This is when it installs all the node modules associated with this project which is going to include react, Next.js, tailwind and others. So that might take a minute or two. Now we're about to kick everything off and to look at it locally. There's one more ingredient. There's one more thing I haven't talked about yet. You know what that is? It's the API. It's one more folder in back end that I haven't even mentioned. If you look in back end, you'll see there is another folder called API. And if you open that up you'll see this is a UV project and it is just another lambda. It's got a lambda handler which is rather small that involves running main Maine and Maine. If you look through this, you'll see that this is some pretty boilerplate code that looks up different API routes for things like the user details and, uh, accounts. And in each of them, it's basically making a database call through that shared through the database package that we looked at two days ago. Um, and this is to retrieve an individual account. So it's a series of API routes to get to each of these. And I'll say that my experience with this was quite similar to the front end generating this kind of boilerplate code to match our database model. This was a fire. And forget I said to the LM agent what I wanted. It generated all this and it just worked. First time I knew exactly what I wanted, I didn't have to check this at all. It worked. So it's another example. When it came to building the Agentic code yesterday, uh, the Claude was was was not so good. It was hit and miss. But for this stuff, for more boilerplate code, it was super impressive, fast and reliable. And it worked first time. Okay, so with this in mind, you've now seen the API layer. What we're now going to do is, uh, go to a new folder that I haven't shown you before, a new root level folder called scripts. And inside this folder are a few scripts. And one of them is called run py. And we're going to go and run that right now. So I'm going to go into scripts which is a UV project. So we can just do a UV run. And I'm going to do UV run run run local py. And what that's going to do is it's going to start the backend code, and it's also going to start the front end code as well. And this is all now running. We've got a backend running on port 8000 and we've got a front end running on port 3000. And it's configured so that that will, will will serve the 8000. So it's all running locally on my box. And this is how without calling out to Lambda or anything like that we can see some of what's going on. So let's go and do that now.

@@@END_BATCH
